




The Twitter rules: safety, privacy, authenticity, and more











































































Skip to main content






Help Center


















The Twitter Rules










Twitter's purpose is to serve the public conversation. Violence, harassment and other similar types of behavior discourage people from expressing themselves, and ultimately diminish the value of global public conversation. Our rules are to ensure all people can participate in the public conversation freely and safely.


Safety
You may not threaten violence against an individual or a group of people. We also prohibit the glorification of violence. Learn more about our and policies.
Violence:

violent threat
glorification of violence
You may not threaten or promote terrorism or violent extremism. .
Terrorism/violent extremism:
Learn more
We have zero tolerance for child sexual exploitation on Twitter. .
Child sexual exploitation:
Learn more
You may not engage in the targeted harassment of someone, or incite other people to do so. This includes wishing or hoping that someone experiences physical harm. .
Abuse/harassment:
Learn more
You may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, caste, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious disease. .
Hateful conduct:
Learn more
You may not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm. .
Suicide or self-harm:
Learn more
You may not post media that is excessively gory or share violent or adult content within live video or in profile or header images. Media depicting sexual violence and/or assault is also not permitted. .
Sensitive media, including graphic violence and adult content:
Learn more
You may not use our service for any unlawful purpose or in furtherance of illegal activities. This includes selling, buying, or facilitating transactions in illegal goods or services, as well as certain types of regulated goods or services. .
Illegal or certain regulated goods or services:
Learn more



Privacy
You may not publish or post other people's private information (such as home phone number and address) without their express authorization and permission. We also prohibit threatening to expose private information or incentivizing others to do so. .
Private information:

Learn more
You may not post or share intimate photos or videos of someone that were produced or distributed without their consent. .
Non-consensual nudity:
Learn more


Authenticity
You may not use Twitter’s services in a manner intended to artificially amplify or suppress information or engage in behavior that manipulates or disrupts people’s experience on Twitter. .
Platform manipulation and spam:

Learn more
: You may not use Twitter’s services for the purpose of manipulating or interfering in elections or other civic processes. This includes posting or sharing content that may suppress participation or mislead people about when, where, or how to participate in a civic process. .
Civic Integrity
Learn more
You may not impersonate individuals, groups, or organizations to mislead, confuse, or deceive others, nor use a fake identity in a manner that disrupts the experience of others on Twitter. .
Misleading and Deceptive Identities:
Learn more
You may not deceptively share synthetic or manipulated media that are likely to cause harm. In addition, we may label Tweets containing synthetic and manipulated media to help people understand their authenticity and to provide additional context. .
Synthetic and manipulated media:
Learn more
You may not violate others’ intellectual property rights, including copyright and trademark. Learn more about our and .
Copyright and trademark:
trademark policy
copyright policy


Enforcement and Appeals
Learn more about , including potential consequences for violating these rules or attempting to circumvent enforcement, as well as how to appeal.

our approach to enforcement


Third-party advertising in video content
You may not submit, post, or display any video content on or through our services that includes third-party advertising, such as pre-roll video ads or sponsorship graphics, without our prior consent.



Note:
we may need to change these rules from time to time in order to support our goal of promoting a healthy public conversation. The most current version is always available at .
https://twitter.com/rules






Share this article






Tweet
















Twitter platform





Twitter.com

Status

Card validator

Embed a Tweet

Privacy Center

Transparency Center

Twitter, Inc.





About the company

Twitter for Good

Company news

Brand toolkit

Jobs and internships

Investors

Help





Help Center

Using Twitter

Twitter Media

Ads Help Center

Managing your account

Email Preference Center

Rules and policies

Contact us

Developer resources





Developer home

Documentation

Forums

Communities

Developer blog

Engineering blog

Developer terms

Business resources





Advertise

Twitter for business

Resources and guides

Twitter for marketers

Marketing insights

Brand inspiration

Twitter Flight School



© 2022 Twitter, Inc.

Cookies

Privacy

Terms and conditions


English







Help Center













English

Español

???

???

Português

Deutsch

Türkçe

Français

Italiano

????????

Nederlands

Bahasa Indonesia

???????

?????

?????

????

????

???????

Ti?ng Vi?t

Melayu

Filipino

??????

Dansk

Suomi

Svenska

Norsk

Polski

Magyar

Român?

?eština

????????

??????????

?????

?????

?????????

Català

Hrvatski

??????

Sloven?ina

?????

??????

Dari



Oromo

Tigrinya












By using Twitter’s services you agree to our . We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.
Cookies Use



OK






