










































What's on Freeview Play | Freeview





























Skip to main content












Header


Find and watch TV


TV Guide

What's On

Products

Help

Mobile App

Get Freeview Play


Menu




























What's on Freeview Play

Freeview Play brings over 30,000 hours of on demand TV and over 700 boxsets together in one place.
Discover your next favourite show with our top picks per category.











Films
If you’re planning a cosy film night at home, take a look at our picks on Freeview Play.
Watch Films







New & Trending
A selection of the latest shows trending accross your favoruite on demand players with Freeview Play.
Watch New & Trending







New Drama
Find your favourite new drama on Freeview Play.
Watch New Drama











Crime Drama
Our pick of some of the biggest, the best and the darkest crime drama shows.
Watch Crime Drama







Reality
Get a grip on reality with RuPaul’s Drag Race, Love Island, Made in Chelsea, and more.
Watch Reality







Comedy
Laugh your head off with fun-filled comedy box sets on Freeview Play.
Watch Comedy











Sci-Fi and Fantasy
Escape reality with out-of-this-world sci-fi and fantasy on Freeview Play.
Watch Sci-Fi and Fantasy







Sport
Check out some of the latest sporting events available for free on Freeview Play.
Watch Sport







Science and Nature
Find your favourite Science and Nature documentaries on Freeview Play.
Watch Science and Nature











Travel
Travel the world from your living room, find your next favourite travel show with Freeview Play.
Watch Travel







Food and Cooking
Get kitchen inspo and delicious recipes from your favourite celebrity chefs.
Watch Food and Cooking







Animation for Grown-ups
Our round-up of animation made especially for adult eyes only.
Watch Animation for Grown-ups











Property and DIY shows
Freeview Play has a wealth of property, interiors, and garden programming for you to enjoy.
Watch Property and DIY







Music and Arts
We've rounded up the very best music and arts shows for you to enjoy.
Watch Music and Arts







History
Journey back in time and immerse yourself in history, archeology and memories of times past.
Watch History











Kids
Enjoy bundles of fun with our favourite TV shows, channels and on demand tools for kids.
Watch Kids TV







Black Lives, Stories and Culture
Entertainment shows, Dramas and Documentaries that celebrate Black lives and Black culture.
Watch Black Lives, Stories and Culture







Aliens
Crack open the good biscuits and tuck into a selection of Alien-themed content across Freeview Play.
Watch Aliens




Join the Conversation
We’re talking about the shows you can’t stop watching, the moments you can’t forget, and all the action as it happens.

Join the conversation now





What Freeview is talking about now



















View this post on Instagram

















A post shared by FreeviewTV (@freeviewtv)



















View this post on Instagram

















A post shared by FreeviewTV (@freeviewtv)



















View this post on Instagram

















A post shared by FreeviewTV (@freeviewtv)





Ready to get Freeview Play?
Freeview Play offers an impressive 30,000+ hours of TV and over 700 boxsets, across your favourite on demand players. All for free.
Let's find the perfect set up for you.

Get started








Channel availability subject to geographic location and coverage. Aerial upgrade and/or receiver may be required. A minimum broadband speed of 2Mbps is required to watch catch up and on demand services – this will count towards any monthly broadband data allowance.








Sign up for our newsletter
Get the best of next week's TV line-up in your inbox every Friday.




Email Address










Get Freeview


Freeview Play

Products

Mobile apps

Watch on your device


Corporate


About us

News and opinion

Media centre

Platform management

Careers

Events


Help


Problems watching Freeview

Problems recording Freeview

What channels should I get?

Search or browse FAQs

Updates and alerts


Stay in touch


What's On

Blogs

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

YouTube


Footer


Cookie Statement

Privacy Notice

Site Terms of Use

Website Accessibility Statement

Mobile App Licence Agreement

Android Open Source Statement

DTV Services Limited, Company Number: 04435179 - Freeview, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London, EC4R 3TT



Your privacy settings




