













































Get Freeview Play | Freeview





























Skip to main content












Header


Find and watch TV


TV Guide

What's On

Products

Help

Mobile App

Get Freeview Play


Menu








Get Freeview Play

Expand


Freeview Play

Mobile app

Products






















Over 30,000 hours of on demand entertainment for free

Answer a few simple questions to find out how to get all your favourite shows, all in one place and all for free.

Get started


Why choose Freeview Play?






Over 30,000 hours of TV on demand, all for free


Search and Recommendations


Over 700 Boxsets


Top up with subscription streaming services


Get 95% of the nation's favourite TV


Prev

Next






30,000 hours
Plenty of TV to keep the whole house happy

The nation’s most popular TV platform offers an impressive 30,000+ hours of TV and over 700 boxsets, across your favourite on demand players. All for free.

What's on










Top up
Top up with extra on-demand TV, movies and sport

Freeview Play gives you 95% of the nation’s favourite TV, all for free. And if you want even more, you can top up with extra on-demand TV, movies and sport from the likes of , and whenever you like.*
Netflix
NOW
Prime Video










TV, online and mobile
Take Freeview from small screens to big ones

Get inspired in the kitchen, Entertained on the go. Or fall in love with a TV moment on the sofa.
You can now enjoy Freeview through your Freeview Play TV, through the Freeview app on your mobile or tablet or you can enjoy live TV via the on this site.
TV guide










Pause, record and rewind live TV
Never miss a moment

With a Freeview Play recorder, you’ll get all the features of Freeview Play, plus you’ll be able to pause, record and rewind live TV.










Freeview at home and wherever you are
You can now enjoy your favourite Freeview shows on your mobile or tablet. Browse great shows from BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, All 4,?My5 and UKTV Play, wherever you are.

Download Android app


Download iOS app









How do I get Freeview Play?
Just follow these simple steps and you’ll be watching the biggest shows before you know it.
Step 1: Choose a product


Freeview Play is built into most new TVs and recorders. Simply choose a product to suit you. No monthly contracts or costs.

View products

Step 2: Get Connected


Plug in an aerial to your Freeview Play TV or set-top box. Connect to your broadband. Then simply tune to get your Freeview channels.

What do I need?

Step 3: Enjoy


Sit back, relax and enjoy. Visit channel 100 to access over 30,000 hours of free on demand TV all in one place.

Find out more





Thinking about upgrading your TV?

Check out the latest range of Freeview Play TVs and Recorders













Humax Aura 4K Android TV Recorder
From £249.00









TCL 40" RS520K Roku
From £219.99









TCL 32" RS520K Roku
From £169.99









LG 55" UP77
From £399.00


Prev

Next

See all our products




Ready to get Freeview Play?
Let's find the perfect solution for you.


Get Freeview Play









* Channel availability subject to geographic location and coverage. Aerial upgrade and/or receiver may be required. A minimum broadband speed of 2Mbps is required to watch catch up and on demand services – this will count towards any monthly broadband data allowance. Extra costs apply for additional 3rd party services, services may differ between products or may not be included.








Sign up for our newsletter
Get the best of next week's TV line-up in your inbox every Friday.




Email Address










Get Freeview


Freeview Play

Products

Mobile apps

Watch on your device


Corporate


About us

News and opinion

Media centre

Platform management

Careers

Events


Help


Problems watching Freeview

Problems recording Freeview

What channels should I get?

Search or browse FAQs

Updates and alerts


Stay in touch


What's On

Blogs

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

YouTube


Footer


Cookie Statement

Privacy Notice

Site Terms of Use

Website Accessibility Statement

Mobile App Licence Agreement

Android Open Source Statement

DTV Services Limited, Company Number: 04435179 - Freeview, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London, EC4R 3TT



Your privacy settings




