



Wikipedia:Party and person - Wikipedia































Wikipedia:Party and person

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia



Jump to navigation
Jump to search


Essay on editing Wikipedia








This is an on the guideline.
essay
Wikipedia:Reliable sources

It contains the advice or opinions of one or more Wikipedia contributors. This page is not an encyclopedia article, nor is it one of , as it has not been . Some essays represent widespread norms; others only represent minority viewpoints.
Wikipedia's policies or guidelines
thoroughly vetted by the community






Shortcut



WP:P&P
Different content policies and guidelines use slightly different standards. One of the commonly misunderstood distinctions is between "secondary source" and "third party".
Most are not secondary sources.
"Secondary" does not mean "independent" or "uninvolved".
independent sources



Contents





1
What is a primary or secondary source?


2
What is a third-party source?


3
Combinatorics


4
Doesn't "third party" mean "independent"?


5
Doesn't "third party" mean "third person"?


6
See also


What is a primary or secondary source?



[
edit
]

Main page:
Wikipedia:Identifying and using primary sources
material is original material, without analysis, interpretation, or transformation by others. material is based on primary and other secondary source material, and may include synthesis and novel conclusions. A is one that is based on a broad base of material, usually secondary, without introducing new synthesis or conclusions. Many sources contain a combination of primary/secondary or secondary/tertiary material, sometimes all three. A source that is secondary in one context may be primary in another (e.g. a history book is a secondary source for the facts it reports, but a primary source for what the author wrote about an event).
Primary source
Secondary source
tertiary source
What constitutes "original material" depends on the context. As a rule of thumb, if the document is dramatically closer to the event than you are, then it should be treated as a primary source. For example, any ancient manuscript will be considered an "original document" by modern scholars. Wikipedia normally treats century-old newspaper reports as primary sources for analysis, and sometimes for analysis (especially if covering something that could have changed or about which understanding could have changed, such as the causes of a war).
notability
verifiability

Examples


Person
Simple cases

Primary source material


An account of an event, written by an eyewitness
Novel conclusions in a scientific paper or government report
Court filings, legal documents, and patents
Speeches given by politicians or activists about their views and goals

Secondary source material


A magazine article based on previous media reports
A book about a historical event, based on letters and diaries written at the time
A or that combines the results of previous research
systematic review
literature review


What is a third-party source?



[
edit
]

Further information:
Wikipedia:Third-party sources
A third-party source is a source that isn't involved in the event. The third party is generally expected to be an independent, outside observer. It is common for the third party to be neutral and even-handed, but, in some instances, the third party may have strong opinions about the event. However, they take no direct part in the event.

Examples


First party
Third party

An eyewitness account of an event, by a person participating in the event
An eyewitness account of an event, by a bystander who was not participating in the event

The inventor of a new device
A who reviews the inventor's new device
subject-matter expert

A press release from a political campaign
A journalist reporting on the campaign

The website or other marketing materials for a company
A writing about the company's products
consumer organization
For some subjects, there are no first-party sources. For example, no one is an "involved" party in simple arithmetic or basic anatomy, so any reliable source supporting a statement like "two plus two equals four" or "the human hand typically has four fingers and one thumb" will be a third-party source.
For other subjects, no third-party sources exist, because the only people who have published information are the people involved in it. Wikipedia should have articles on any topic that third-party sources have never written about, or have published only trivial, routine, or passing mentions; they are not .
not
notable
Some sources combine first-party and third-party material. For example, journalist 's first book, , presents both the author's personal experiences with having breast cancer in the 1970s (first-party material) and information that she researched from academic and professional sources (third-party material).
Rose Kushner
Breast Cancer: A Personal History and Investigative Report

Combinatorics



[
edit
]
Here's how this combines:

Examples



First party
Third party

Primary source
Scientist publishes an original report about their experiments.
Eyewitnesses at a house fire write about what they saw.

Secondary source
Scientist combines data from a dozen of their own previously published experiments into a .
meta-analysis
Author uses eyewitness reports to write a book about house fires.

Tertiary source
Scientist includes peer-reviewed conclusions from some of their previously published papers when writing a work of .
popular science
A database on house fires that includes information from books and other secondary sources (and perhaps also accepts information submitted by eyewitnesses)


Doesn't "third party" mean "independent"?



[
edit
]




A represents independent sources; B represents third-party sources. Some third-party sources are not completely independent because they have a conflict of interest.



Further information:
Wikipedia:Independent sources
Although third-party sources are often independent (that is, without a conflict of interest), it is not always the case. An independent source is a source that has no vested interest in a written topic and therefore it is commonly expected to describe the topic from a disinterested perspective.
also
Imagine that two large companies are involved in a lawsuit. An investor who is not part of the dispute may still have a conflict of interest, because of plans to profit from the stock market's response to the lawsuit. This investor is a third party, but is not financially independent. They may have a vested interest in the dispute being seen in a particular light, or being prolonged, even though the investor is not directly involved in the lawsuit.
Consider an election with multiple candidates. Candidate Smith gives a speech attacking Candidate Jones. A third candidate, Roberts, publishes an advertisement decrying the attack. Roberts is a third party—he is not attacking or being attacked—but he is not independent, because he has a vested interest in the situation.


Doesn't "third party" mean "third person"?



[
edit
]

Further information:
Grammatical person
Whether a source is first-person, second-person, or third-person is strictly a matter of grammar, not factual content.



Person
Singular
Plural

First person
I walked across the room.
We walked across the room.

Second person
You walked across the room.
You / You all / You lot walked across the room.

Third person
She/he/it walked across the room.
They walked across the room.

See also



[
edit
]

{{}}, to mark sentences needing an independent or third-party source
Third-party inline
{{}}, to mark articles that contain zero independent or third-party sources
Third-party

Wikipedia:Identifying and using primary and secondary sources


Retrieved from ""
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Party_and_person&oldid=1075517318

:
Categories


Wikipedia essays about reliable sources

Wikipedia essays about notability
Hidden categories:


Project pages with short description



Navigation menu



Personal tools



Not logged in


Talk


Contributions


Create account


Log in



Namespaces




Project page


Talk



English





Views




Read


Edit


View history



More





Search











Navigation




Main page


Contents


Current events


Random article


About Wikipedia


Contact us


Donate


Contribute




Help


Learn to edit


Community portal


Recent changes


Upload file


Tools




What links here


Related changes


Upload file


Special pages


Permanent link


Page information


Wikidata item


Print/export




Download as PDF


Printable version


Languages




?????


??????


Edit links


This page was last edited on 6 March 2022, at 06:40.
(UTC)
Text is available under the ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the and . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the , a non-profit organization.
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.


Privacy policy

About Wikipedia

Disclaimers

Contact Wikipedia

Mobile view

Developers

Statistics

Cookie statement








