







Our Channels and Brands








Toggle navigation
Menu

Close
















About



About Us

Our Channels and Brands

Executive Committee

Environment

Our Work



Commercial Activity

Awards

Content Partnerships

Productions


International Content Platform


ScriptWorks



Writers' Academy


News

Contact



Contact Us

Our Locations

FAQs

Careers









Our Channels and Brands









Channels and On-Demand Services
We love to connect with you. And thanks to our BBC-branded channels and on-demand services, which are available in over 120 territories, we can.
We’ve channels for every taste and mindset, ranging from BBC Earth which specialises in high-end natural history and factual shows all the way through to CBeebies for younger audiences. Along the way, you can dip into BBC First, BBC Brit, BBC Entertainment, BBC Knowledge, BBC Lifestyle, BBC HD, BBC Living, BBC Kids and BBC Canada.

In the UK we own and run UKTV, a popular and successful network of commercial channels. Its leading brands - Dave, Gold, W, Drama, Alibi, Eden and Yesterday – span comedy, entertainment, natural history, factual and drama, and combine UKTV originals with much loved BBC programmes and other acquisitions.
Some of our channels are run with other broadcasting partners. These include AMC Networks, which together with BBC Studios owns BBC AMERICA in the US; Sony with whom we operate BBC Earth in India; and Corus Entertainment, our partner for BBC Canada.
But we don’t just offer TV channels. In North America, together with partner ITV plc, we’ve created BritBox for fans of British shows in the US and Canada. And BBC Player, BBC Studios’ multi-genre subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) service is available in Singapore and Malaysia.





















































































Brands
Whether BBC Earth, or , creating brands that you love as much as we do is in our DNA. We offer fans many ways to get more out of their favourite show by creating games, books, clothing or live events that deliver experiences beyond the original content.
Doctor Who, Top Gear
Sherlock
Our brands reach fans in over 200 countries.The world-renowned entertainment format (the international version of the UK’s ) reaches viewers in over 50 countries - as far afield as Argentina and New Zealand. We also oversee we sell the UK show to over 200 territories and have helped produce local versions of the motoring entertainment hit in the US, China, Australia, Russia, France, and South Korea. We continually regenerate the brand, one of the longest running action adventure television series in the world spanning 55 years and winning over 100 awards, to keep track with the show itself, attracting new audiences to its ever-growing global fanbase. Our umbrella factual brand, BBC Earth, has spawned internet-breaking shows such as and , reaching audiences through TV, branded channels, live events, digital and social media, augmented and virtual reality, cinema, and consumer products.

Dancing with the Stars
Strictly Come Dancing
Top Gear;
Doctor Who
Blue Planet II
Planet Earth
II










Top Gear








BBC Earth







Doctor Who










Dancing With the Stars













Privacy

Community Rules

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Terms & Conditions

Annual Review

Reports

Modern Slavery Statement

Working With Us

Accessibility Help





BBC Studios Distribution Limited, company number 01420028, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, United Kingdom, W12 7FA.
BBC Studios Productions Limited, company number 09463829, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, W12 7FA.


BBC Studios International Content Platform


BBC Studios Careers




