







Environment








Toggle navigation
Menu

Close
















About



About Us

Our Channels and Brands

Executive Committee

Environment

Our Work



Commercial Activity

Awards

Content Partnerships

Productions


International Content Platform


ScriptWorks



Writers' Academy


News

Contact



Contact Us

Our Locations

FAQs

Careers










Creating a sustainable future










As a major global business, we have a responsibility to operate with as minimal an impact on the environment as possible.
We are actively reducing our carbon footprint, energy consumption and waste, including single-use plastics, to help protect our planet and create a more sustainable future.
















Content has a powerful role to play
As one of the UK’s biggest producers of content, primary supplier to the BBC and with distribution all round the world, our content has a very powerful role to play.
We are educating audiences and portraying environmentally-friendly behaviours, to help drive positive change in how society interacts with the natural world and its resources.
In line with the rest of the BBC Group, BBC Studios’ target is to hit net zero carbon emissions by 2030.
In December 2020 BBC Studios became carbon neutral, dated back to 2018 (linked to the formation of BBC Studios). Our main focus remains on reducing our carbon emissions. This is coupled with a portfolio of high quality independently accredited projects to offset carbon emissions that we are unable to cut yet.
















Building on the BBC Groups’ , in 2020 we introduced further sustainability targets in BBC Studios, including reducing travel by at least 50% and BAFTA Carbon Action Plans for all UK productions (formerly known as Albert Certification), including our wholly-owned independent productions and UKTV.
Greener Broadcasting Strategy
We are also working with our partners to improve the environmental sustainability of items and experiences that carry the BBC brand.
BAFTA is an industry standard tool which takes a two-pronged approach, looking at encouraging editorial content which inspires sustainable behaviour in audiences and operational best practice in terms of eliminating waste and reducing carbon.
Albert
More information on the actions taken by BBC Studios Productions can be found .
here









Privacy

Community Rules

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Terms & Conditions

Annual Review

Reports

Modern Slavery Statement

Working With Us

Accessibility Help





BBC Studios Distribution Limited, company number 01420028, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, United Kingdom, W12 7FA.
BBC Studios Productions Limited, company number 09463829, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, W12 7FA.


BBC Studios International Content Platform


BBC Studios Careers




