




Bringing more reliable context to conversations on Twitter








































Blog




Back


Blog


Events


Product


Insights


Company


Other blogs






Other blogs


Business


Common Thread


Developer


Engineering


Investor Relations


Marketing



Sign Up









?English (US)?


?English (UK)?
?English (Australia)?
?English (Canada)?
?English (India)?
?????
?Français?
?Português?
?????
?Bahasa Indonesia?
?Español - España?
?Español - América Latina?
????????
?English (MENA)?
?English (Southeast Asia)?








?English (US)?


?English (UK)?
?English (Australia)?
?English (Canada)?
?English (India)?
?????
?Français?
?Português?
?????
?Bahasa Indonesia?
?Español - España?
?Español - América Latina?
????????
?English (MENA)?
?English (Southeast Asia)?


Sign Up























Company
Bringing more reliable context to conversations on Twitter
By



Monday, 2 August 2021

















Link copied successfully



We’re excited to share that Twitter is collaborating with and to expand our efforts to identify and elevate credible information on Twitter.
The Associated Press (AP)
Reuters
We are committed to making sure that when people come to Twitter to see what’s happening, they are able to easily find reliable information. Twitter will be able to expand the scale and increase the speed of our efforts to provide timely, authoritative context across the wide range of global topics and conversations that happen on Twitter every day.

How Twitter currently surfaces credible information and context
Twitter’s Curation team to make informed decisions about what they see on Twitter. When large or rapidly growing conversations happen on Twitter that may be noteworthy, controversial, sensitive, or may contain potentially misleading information, Twitter’s Curation team sources and elevates relevant context from reliable sources.
helps give people context
People currently see this added context and reliable information in the following places on Twitter:

To help , we often attach additional context to the Trend in the form of a Moment, a single Tweet, or via a written description.
Trends.
explain a top Trend
Explore catches you up on a range of subjects, curated just for you. This is where Twitter shows you what’s happening right now. It includes Moments created by Twitter and third parties like news organizations, as well as Trends.
Explore Tab.
When people search for a hashtag or a phrase on Twitter, certain keywords determined by Twitter will automatically show content at the top of the results from trusted resources or Moments that debunk misinformation.
Search.
During the highest visibility events, such as elections or public health emergencies, Twitter will show prompts in the Explore tab or the Home Timeline that link to a public service announcement (PSA) Moment. These can include information from trusted sources on topics like how to vote safely in a pandemic or trustworthy information about getting vaccinated.
Prompts.
.
Labels.
Sometimes a Tweet violates our
Synthetic and Manipulated Media
,
COVID-19
or
Civic Integrity
misinformation rules but may remain visible on Twitter. In those instances, a label may be added to the Tweet that links to a Moment with informative context on the topic or to
the Twitter Rules
This Tweet is unavailable













This Tweet is unavailable.





Image above displays an example Moment on the Explore tab. Moments often reflect information and insight from third-party sources such as The Associated Press, Reuters, and other organizations.


How this program will help expand these efforts
Through this program, Twitter’s Curation team will increase our capacity to add reliable context to conversations happening on Twitter. This joint work will increase the scale and speed of the current work outlined above by:

Ensuring that credible information is available in real time around key conversations as they emerge on Twitter, especially where facts are in dispute or when Twitter’s Curation team doesn’t have the specific expertise or access to a high enough volume of reputable reporting on Twitter. For example, people on Twitter can expect more and links to reporting from trusted sources more frequently.
Increasing and improving context sharing:
Trends with contextual descriptions
Proactively providing context on topics garnering widespread interest including those that could potentially generate misleading information. Rather than waiting until something goes viral, Twitter will contextualize developing discourse at pace with or in anticipation of the public conversation.
Anticipating and proactively identifying emerging conversation:
Supporting product experimentation and existing initiatives where additional credible context could make our work better. For example, will use feedback from AP and Reuters as one way to assess the quality of information elevated by Birdwatch participants.
Improving the effectiveness of product features:
Birdwatch
During this initial phase of the program, AP and Reuters will focus on English-language content.
This Tweet is unavailable













This Tweet is unavailable.



Trust, accuracy and impartiality are at the heart of what Reuters does every day, providing billions of people with the information they need to make smart decisions. Those values also drive our commitment to stopping the spread of misinformation. We're excited to partner with Twitter to leverage our deep global and local expertise to serve the public conversation with reliable information.

Hazel Baker
Head of UGC Newsgathering, Reuters



AP has a long history of working closely with Twitter, along with other platforms, to expand the reach of factual journalism. This work is core to our mission. We are particularly excited about leveraging AP’s scale and speed to add context to online conversations, which can benefit from easy access to the facts.

Tom Januszewski
Vice President of Global Business Development, AP


How will this program work with the enforcement of the Twitter Rules?
The scope of this program is independent of the work Twitter’s Trust & Safety teams do to determine whether Tweets are in violation of the AP and Reuters will not be involved in enforcement decisions.
Twitter Rules.

What’s next?
We expect our efforts to grow over time and the nature of the work may evolve as we learn, observe, and scale our efforts to provide support across languages and timezones, globally.
This program is just one part of our ongoing efforts to help people understand the conversation happening on our service. People experience a range of public conversations on Twitter every day, and we’re committed to continuing our work to elevate credible information and context.
This Tweet is unavailable













This Tweet is unavailable.







Only on Twitter


@Twitter

#OnlyOnTwitter







Tweet
Twitter logo icon






Tags:


Official Twitter Blog

















Link copied successfully






More from Company


Imperfect, by design
By on Friday, 29 January 2021


Coronavirus: Staying safe and informed on Twitter
By on Tuesday, 12 January 2021


National Disability Employment Awareness Month 2020 with Twitter Able
By and on Friday, 30 October 2020



Hispanic Heritage Month 2020 recap
By and on Thursday, 22 October 2020




See what's happening




Twitter

?@Twitter?













Follow









Tweets


Following


Followers









Twitter platform





Twitter.com

Status

Card validator

Embed a Tweet

Privacy Center

Transparency Center

Twitter, Inc.





About the company

Twitter for Good

Company news

Brand toolkit

Jobs and internships

Investors

Help





Help Center

Using Twitter

Twitter Media

Ads Help Center

Managing your account

Email Preference Center

Rules and policies

Contact us

Developer resources





Developer home

Documentation

Forums

Communities

Developer blog

Engineering blog

Developer terms

Business resources





Advertise

Twitter for business

Resources and guides

Twitter for marketers

Marketing insights

Brand inspiration

Twitter Flight School


?© 2022 Twitter, Inc.?

Cookies

Privacy

Terms and conditions














By using Twitter’s services you agree to our . We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.
Cookies Use



OK




