







Reset - CEO Edit













Toggle navigation





SPECS





SPECS


CONTACT

















SPECS


CONTACT











Home


Platforms




BBC.com


BBC News


BBC World News


BBC Sport


BBC Reel


BBC Worklife


BBC Future


BBC Travel


BBC Culture


BBC World Service


TopGear.com


BBC Earth TV Asia

Advertising




Insights


Brand Strategy


Campaign Precision


BBC StoryWorks

Distribution




Opportunities


THE TIPPING POINT

Events




The New Ways of Marketing to Recharge Tourism


The Insider Series – Africa


Reset - CEO Edit


How News Impacts Businesses


India Upfront 2021


The Sustainability Edit


Reset - Upfront 2020


Talking Media Business


Take the Sustainability Leap


Taking the Sustainability Leap – India Edition


Restart & Reset 2.0 for Travel


CLIMATE CHANGE: THE TIPPING POINT



















The BBC’s Tanya Beckett returns with a new tourism focused video series recorded live at World Travel Market in London in November 2021. Tanya asks global tourism leaders and CEOs how they are reshaping their businesses and sector following the devastating impact of the pandemic. With the environment and sustainability at the top of the agenda, what new developments and changes in consumer attitudes does the industry expect to see in the future?








LATEST
CEOs













Opening up


How does a country deliver on its ambitions to open up to a new tourist market and grow travel and tourism into one of its biggest earners following the pandemic? And how will it compete with its more established neighbours?









Leading by example


The Covid-19 pandemic is another set-back for a country still rebuilding after a civil war and an Ebola outbreak. What is needed to reboot tourism and why does Sierra Leone believe it is an example for others?









Regional outlook


Opening up more of the country to tourism is key to growth. That’s the outlook for some destinations as they try to attract tourists and ensure sustainability by avoiding overcrowding and providing more options.












Supporting sustainability


Island nations dependent on tourism and at risk from climate change are asking for support to enable them to build back better. But what does that “better” look like?









Community outreach


Building back better has sustainability and the environment at its core. But what role are local communities playing in the drive for sustainability in the tourism industry?









Valuing staff


How difficult has it been to operate in countries with strict lockdowns and restrictions? What is the luxury travel industry doing to ensure its survival and what role does its staff play in its success?












Customer experience


How is tourism industry reshaping following the devastating impact of the pandemic and growing pressure to become more sustainable? Why is value for money and a good tourist experience at the heart of change for some destinations?









Cultural tourism


How does a destination with a large conference and meeting sector recover? Will an emphasis on culture and building world-class museums lure in tourists and grow the industry?









Quantity or quality?


Is it time for tourism dependent nations to rethink the metrics for success? Should they abandon growth based on the quantity of visitors and refocus on what’s being called the quality tourist?







P
reviously on Edit
CEO


Global CEOs talk about how their businesses are resetting as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic. From changes in customer behaviour, to digital transformation and the prioritisation of sustainability, all of these companies are facing challenges, but also opportunities to build back better.













Changing direction


Innovation and sustainability are at the heart of reshaping the way we travel. Electric vehicles are expected to dominate the roads in the near future, but much more is being done to transform the car industry. What can we expect?









Rethinking risk


The pandemic has changed the way we view risk – everything from how we protect our businesses and livelihoods to how we think about our own health and wellness. What does that mean for the insurance industry?









Sustainable Travel

The coronavirus pandemic may be reshaping the airline industry, but sustainability is a key factor influencing the future. How will airlines balance the need to go green with getting back in the black?










Driving Growth

How is technology changing the logistics industry, will the e-commerce boom last and just how difficult will it be for shipping and freight to cut their emissions to meet the demands of customers and investors?












The Last Pandemic?

Tanya Beckett talks to Dr. Jong-Yoon Chun, Founder & CEO of Seegene to find out if diagnostic testing made this the last pandemic.










Experiences reshaping tourism


As consumer expectations change, the tourism industry is focused on promoting experiences, like outdoor and wellness activities, to attract international tourists. How are shifting priorities reshaping the industry?










Technology in the driving seat



Technology is transforming the tyre industry - AI is helping companies test their products virtually and smart tyres aim to make driving safer. Can technology also help the industry meet sustainability and environmental goals?











Staying the course


After being battered by the pandemic, what will the airline industry look like in 5-10 years time. And how will a decision to stick to its long-term goals help rejuvenate his company?












Winning Back Tourists

With small businesses and more than 1.5 million jobs reliant on tourism, how is South Africa changing its approach to win back holidaymakers?












Contact Us



EVENTS TEAM
RSVP.BBCGLOBAL@BBC.COM


ADVERTISING SALES TEAM
INTERNATIONALSALES@BBC.COM










Terms and Conditions

Privacy

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Disclaimer

Anti-Fraud and Corruption Statement

Code of Conduct

Modern Slavery Statement

Sustainability Statement

About Us


© BBC Global News Ltd 2018


