







The Sustainability Edit













Toggle navigation





SPECS





SPECS


CONTACT

















SPECS


CONTACT











Home


Platforms




BBC.com


BBC News


BBC World News


BBC Sport


BBC Reel


BBC Worklife


BBC Future


BBC Travel


BBC Culture


BBC World Service


TopGear.com


BBC Earth TV Asia

Advertising




Insights


Brand Strategy


Campaign Precision


BBC StoryWorks

Distribution




Opportunities


THE TIPPING POINT

Events




The New Ways of Marketing to Recharge Tourism


The Insider Series – Africa


Reset - CEO Edit


How News Impacts Businesses


India Upfront 2021


The Sustainability Edit


Reset - Upfront 2020


Talking Media Business


Take the Sustainability Leap


Taking the Sustainability Leap – India Edition


Restart & Reset 2.0 for Travel


CLIMATE CHANGE: THE TIPPING POINT



















Communicating your brand’s position on climate change...time to hit the RESET button


The events of the past year have seen the reset button hit for almost every part of our lives. Covid-19 has accelerated interest in environmental issues and now is the time for brands to respond with meaningful advertising, engaging an audience who care.
Our new video series speaks to a range of experts in the Each of them give an update on why sustainability remains a priority in their industry, plus advice to brands on business and marketing strategy.
Energy, Autos, Country Branding and Banking sectors.

We caught up with BBC World News presenter, , who tells us what is happening on the global stage and how businesses in general are rising to the challenge of climate change. We also spoke to , who discusses what sustainability means for Africa and how governments and businesses are working together to deliver a cleaner future.
Babita Sharma
Nancy Kacungira
BBC Global News can help your brand create beautifully crafted stories, appealing to the hearts and minds of your customers. Our audiences have a huge interest in protecting the environment and are prepared to pay more for eco-friendly products. We are experts in creating features on sustainability; from special seasons of programmes to a wealth of digital content, even podcasts. Also, just announced, the BBC itself has ambitions to be net zero by 2030.
To find out more, please download one of our mini-decks or one-pagers below. To see our presentation in full contact or your usual BBC sales rep.
internationalsales@bbc.com









Our climate emergency: Promises and progress

In the countdown to COP26, a panel of BBC experts come together to discuss the role of science, the challenges and solutions, including the role of business. Martha Henriques, Editor, BBC Future, is joined by our panellists; Victoria Gill, Science and Environment Correspondent, BBC News, Navin Singh Khadka, Multilingual Environment Correspondent, BBC World Service and Justin Rowlatt, Chief Environment Correspondent, BBC News.

Recorded on 15th July 2021.













Global Perspective







Africa Focus










Marcus Andersson, CEO, Future Place Leadership

Marcus helps cities, regions and countries across Europe to become more attractive, sustainable and connected. He has worked for the Swedish Government, the European Commission and the Baltic Development Forum, on communication and management in policy areas such as international relations, security, sustainability, innovation and marketing.



















Eric Hannon, Partner, McKinsey & Company

Eric works with clients on topics such as driving industry collaboration on sustainability and decarbonisation. He specialises in mobility, advanced industries, consumer goods, as well as in creating carbon-abating strategies for his client organizations. Furthermore, he has co-authored several landmark publications and is a World Economic Forum Fellow.









Jon Fletcher, Founder, Big Clean Switch


Jon is an entrepreneur and behaviour change expert who works with some of the world’s biggest brands to help their customers and staff switch to green energy. Previous roles consulting at PwC where he set up a pioneering behaviour change programme, and as director of a market research agency specialising in unpicking behavioural barriers to sustainability.



















Dean Frankle, Managing Director & Partner, Boston Consulting Group

Dean is the firm’s regional Asset and Wealth Management lead and is a core member of the Financial Institutions practice. He has a wealth of experience in sustainability, corporate strategy and operations, and was one of Financial News’ Rising Stars of Asset Management for 2019.





Videos recorded in January/February 2021






Download the mini-deck or one-pager according to your region














































Contact Us



EVENTS TEAM
RSVP.BBCGLOBAL@BBC.COM


ADVERTISING SALES TEAM
INTERNATIONALSALES@BBC.COM










Terms and Conditions

Privacy

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Disclaimer

Anti-Fraud and Corruption Statement

Code of Conduct

Modern Slavery Statement

Sustainability Statement

About Us


© BBC Global News Ltd 2018


