



Wikipedia:Contents/Outlines - Wikipedia

































Wikipedia:Contents/Outlines

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

<
Wikipedia:Contents


Jump to navigation
Jump to search




Portal



Contents

Overviews

Outlines

Lists

Portals

Glossaries

Categories

Indices

A–Z index



Reference

Culture

Geography

Health

History

Human activities

Mathematics

Nature

People

Philosophy

Religion

Society

Technology


Wikipedia's contents: Outlines

·

edit

watch
Below is a summary of the world's knowledge, in the form of an . Each subject in turn links to an outline that summarizes that subject. Together, these outlines also form a multipage of Wikipedia.
outline
site map







General reference




Culture and the arts




Geography and places




Health and fitness




History and events




Human activities




Mathematics and logic




Natural and physical sciences




People and self




Philosophy and thinking




Religion and belief systems




Society and social sciences




Technology and applied sciences




General reference


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch


– a book is a set of written, printed, illustrated sheets, made of ink, paper, parchment, or other materials, usually fastened together to hinge at one side. Books are used to convey knowledge and other information.
Books


Great books listed in
How to Read a Book


Great Books of the Western World


Harvard Classics
General subject outlines (trees of knowledge)

Taxonomies (trees) of knowledge included within larger works

(from the )

Figurative system of human knowledge
Encyclopédie

Outline of academic disciplines
(part of the of the 15th edition of )

Outline of Knowledge
Propædia
Encyclopædia Britannica

Outline of the knowledge of humanity
Subject classification systems

Academic classification systems


Fields of doctoral studies (United States)

Joint Academic Classification of Subjects
Library classification systems


Bliss bibliographic classification

Colon classification

Cutter Expansive Classification

Dewey Decimal classes

Library of Congress Classification

Universal Decimal Classification
– familiarity, awareness or understanding of someone or something, such as facts, information, descriptions, or skills, which is acquired through experience or education by perceiving, discovering, or learning. Knowledge can refer to a theoretical or practical understanding of a subject. It can be implicit (as with practical skill or expertise) or explicit (as with the theoretical understanding of a subject); it can be more or less formal or systematic.
Knowledge
– free-access, free content Internet encyclopedia, supported and hosted by the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation. Anyone who can access the site can edit almost any of its articles. Wikipedia is the sixth-most visited website and constitutes the Internet's largest and most popular general reference work.
Wikipedia




Culture and the arts


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– set of shared attitudes, values, goals, and practices that define a group of people, such as the people of a particular region. Culture includes the elements that characterize a particular peoples' way of life.

Culture



– vast subdivision of culture, composed of many creative endeavors and disciplines. The arts encompasses visual arts, literary arts and the performing arts.

The arts

– the art of written works.

Literature

– any form of narrative which deals, in part or in whole, with events that are not factual, but rather, imaginary and invented by its author(s).
Fiction
– literary art in which language is used for its aesthetic and evocative qualities in addition to, or in lieu of, its apparent meaning.
Poetry
– examination and critique of society and culture, drawing from knowledge across the social sciences and humanities.
Critical theory
– art forms that create works which are primarily visual in nature.

Visual arts

– The art and science of designing and erecting buildings and other physical structures.
Architecture

– architecture of classical antiquity and later architectural styles influenced by it.
Classical architecture
– recreational activities and hobbies that involve making things with one's hands and skill.
Crafts
– visual art that makes use of any number of drawing instruments to mark a two-dimensional medium.
Drawing
– the process for planning the overall look of an object.
Design
– motion pictures.
Film
– practice of applying paint, pigment, color or other medium to a surface with a brush or other object.
Painting


History of painting
– art, science, and practice of creating pictures by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium, such as a photographic film, or electronic image sensors.
Photography
– three-dimensional artwork created by shaping or combining hard materials – typically stone such as marble – or metal, glass, or wood.
Sculpture
– those forms of art that use the artist's own body, face, and presence as a medium.

Performing arts

– art form of movement of the body.
Dance
– moving pictures, the art form that records performances visually.
Film
– collaborative form of fine art that uses live performers to present the experience of a real or imagined event before a live audience in a specific place.
Theatre
– art form the medium of which is sound and silence.
Music

Music genres

– musical style that originated at the beginning of the 20th century in African American communities in the Southern United States, mixing African and European music traditions.
Jazz
– art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text (called a libretto) and musical score.
Opera
Musical instruments – devices created or adapted for the purpose of making musical sounds.

– the guitar is a plucked string instrument, usually played with fingers or a pick. The guitar consists of a body with a rigid neck to which the strings, generally six in number, are attached. Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or, more recently, with either nylon or steel strings.
Guitars
– technical aspects of theatrical, film, and video production. It includes, but is not limited to, constructing and rigging scenery, hanging and focusing of lighting, design and procurement of costumes, makeup, procurement of props, stage management, and recording and mixing of sound.
Stagecraft
– the art and science of good eating, including the study of food and culture.
Gastronomy

– act of preparing foodstuffs for eating. It encompasses a vast range of methods, tools, and combinations of ingredients to improve the flavour and digestibility of food. Includes but is not limited to cooking.
Food preparation
– styles of cooking characterized by distinctive ingredients, techniques and dishes, each usually associated with a specific culture or geographic region.
Cuisines
– eating occasions that take place at a certain time and includes specific prepared food.
Meals

Food and drink

– raw or processed food produced from the seed of the tropical tree.
Chocolate
Theobroma cacao
– alcoholic beverage made from fermented fruit juice (typically from grapes).
Wine
– any activity which provides a diversion or permits people to amuse themselves in their leisure time. Entertainment is generally passive, such as watching opera or a movie.
Recreation and
Entertainment

– entertainment events centering on and celebrating a unique aspect of a community, usually staged by that community.
Festivals
– any form of narrative which deals, in part or in whole, with events that are not factual, but rather, imaginary and invented by its author(s).
Fiction

Spy fiction – genre of fiction concerning forms of espionage.

– fictional character created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming. Since then, the character has grown to icon status, featured in many novels, movies, video games and other media.
James Bond
– genre of fiction using magic and the supernatural as primary elements of plot, theme or setting, often in imaginary worlds, generally avoiding the technical/scientific content typical of Science fiction, but overlapping with it.
Fantasy

() – fantasy series and setting by writer George R. R. Martin, home to dragons, White Walkers, and feuding noble houses.
franchise
A Song of Ice and Fire
Game of Thrones
- fictional universe, the setting of movies and shows produced by .
Marvel Cinematic Universe
Marvel Studios
– fantasy setting by writer J.R.R. Tolkien, home to hobbits, orcs, and many other mystical races and creatures.
Middle-earth
– fantasy setting by C.S. Lewis, home to talking animals, centaurs, witches, and many other mythical creatures and characters.
Narnia
– a genre of fiction dealing with imaginary but more or less plausible (or at least nonsupernatural) content such as future settings, futuristic science and technology, space travel, aliens, giant monsters (Kaiju), and paranormal abilities. Exploring the consequences of scientific innovations is one purpose of science fiction, making it a "literature of ideas".
Science fiction

– sci-fi setting created by Gene Roddenberry, focused mostly upon the adventures of the personnel of Star Fleet of the United Federation of Planets and their exploration and interaction with the regions of space within and beyond their borders.

Star Trek
– structured playing, usually undertaken for enjoyment, involving goals, rules, challenge, and interaction.

Games

Board games – tabletop games that involve counters or pieces moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or "board", according to a set of rules.

– two-player board game played on a chessboard, a square-checkered board with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid. Each player begins the game with sixteen pieces: One king, one queen, two rooks, two knights, two bishops, and eight pawns.
Chess
Card games – game using playing cards as the primary device with which the game is played, be they traditional or game-specific.

– family of card games that share betting rules and usually (but not always) hand rankings.
Poker
– electronic games that involves interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device.
Video games
– organized, competitive, entertaining, and skillful activity requiring commitment, strategy, and fair play, in which a winner can be defined by objective means. Generally speaking, a sport is a game based in physical athleticism.


Sports


Ball games

– bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each where the aim is to score runs by hitting a thrown ball with a bat and touching a series of four bases arranged at the corners of a ninety-foot diamond.
Baseball
– team sport in which two teams of five players try to score points by throwing or "shooting" a ball through the top of a basketball hoop while following a set of rules.
Basketball
– club and ball sport in which players use various clubs to hit balls into a series of holes on a course in as few strokes as possible.
Golf
– sport usually played between two players (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles), using specialized racquets to strike a felt-covered hollow rubber ball over a net into the opponent's court.
Tennis

Combat sports

– family of combat sports using bladed weapons.
Fencing
– extensive systems of codified practices and traditions of combat practiced for a variety of reasons including self-defense, competition, physical health and fitness as well as mental and spiritual development.
Martial arts
Traveling / racing sports

– sport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.
Auto racing
Boating

– two closely related forms of watercraft paddling, involving manually propelling and navigating specialized boats called canoes and kayaks using a blade that is joined to a shaft, known as a paddle, in the water.
Canoeing and kayaking
– using sailboats for sporting purposes. It can be recreational or competitive. Competitive sailing is in the form of races.
Sailing
– use of bicycles or other non-motorized cycles for transport, recreation, or for sport. Also called bicycling or biking.
Cycling
– riding a motorcycle. A variety of subcultures and lifestyles have been built up around motorcycling and motorcycle racing.
Motorcycling
– moving rapidly on foot, during which both feet are off the ground at regular intervals.
Running
– mode of transport, recreational activity and competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow. Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Skiing
– academic disciplines that study the human condition, using methods that are primarily analytical, critical, or speculative, as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural sciences.
Humanities

– comprehensive interdisciplinary research and academic study of the people and communities of particular regions. Disciplines applied include history, political science, sociology, cultural studies, languages, geography, literature, and related disciplines.
Area studies

– study of China and things related to China, such as its classical language and literature.
Sinology
– branch of the Humanities comprising the languages, literature, philosophy, history, art, archaeology and all other cultural elements of the ancient Mediterranean world (Bronze Age ca. BC 3000 – Late Antiquity ca. AD 300–600); especially Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome.
Classical studies




Geography and places


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch


Geography

(non-continents are )
Continents and major geopolitical regions
italicized

• • • • • (includes ) •
Africa
Antarctica
Asia
Europe
North America

Oceania
Australia
South America

Political divisions of the World, arranged by continent or major geopolitical region



Africa


West Africa



• • • • • • • • • • • •
Benin
Burkina Faso
Cape Verde
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Liberia
Mali
Mauritania
Niger

Nigeria

• • •
Rivers State
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Togo

North Africa



• () • • • • • • •
Algeria
Egypt
Cairo
Libya
Mauritania
Morocco
Sudan
South Sudan
Tunisia
Western Sahara

Central Africa



• • • • • • • • • •
Angola
Burundi
Cameroon
Central African Republic
Chad
The Democratic Republic of the Congo
Equatorial Guinea
Gabon
Republic of the Congo
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe

East Africa



• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Burundi
Comoros
Djibouti
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Kenya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rwanda
Seychelles
Somalia
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Southern Africa



• • • • ()
Botswana
Eswatini (Swaziland)
Lesotho
Namibia
South Africa
Cape Town

Dependencies

• • • •
Mayotte
(France)
St. Helena
(UK)
Puntland
Somaliland
Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

Antarctica


None


Asia


Central Asia

• • • •
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan

East Asia


China


Tibet
•
Hong Kong
Macau
() • • • •
Japan
Kyoto
North Korea
South Korea
Mongolia
Taiwan

North Asia


Russia

Southeast Asia

• • • () • • • • () • • () •
Brunei
Cambodia
East Timor (Timor-Leste)
Indonesia
Jakarta
Laos
Malaysia
Myanmar (Burma)
Philippines
Metro Manila
Singapore
Thailand
Bangkok
Vietnam

South Asia

• • • • • •
Afghanistan
Bangladesh
Bhutan
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka

India

States of India: • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Andhra Pradesh
Arunachal Pradesh
Assam
Bihar
Chhattisgarh
Goa
Gujarat
Haryana
Himachal Pradesh
Jharkhand
Karnataka
Kerala
Madhya Pradesh
Maharashtra
Manipur
Meghalaya
Mizoram
Nagaland
Odisha
Punjab
Rajasthan
Sikkim
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Tripura
Uttar Pradesh
Uttarakhand
West Bengal









Union Territories of India: • • • • • • •
Andaman & Nicobar Islands
Chandigarh
Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu
Delhi
Jammu and Kashmir
Ladakh
Lakshadweep
Pondicherry

West Asia

• • • (including disputed ) • • • • • • • • • • • • • () • () •
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Cyprus
Northern Cyprus
Georgia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
State of Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
Istanbul
United Arab Emirates
Dubai
Yemen
(a region considered to be in both Asia and Europe, or between them)
Caucasus


North Caucasus

Parts of (Chechnya, Ingushetia, Dagestan, Adyghea, Kabardino-Balkaria, Karachai-Cherkessia, North Ossetia, Krasnodar Krai, Stavropol Krai)
Russia

South Caucasus

(including disputed , South Ossetia) • • (including disputed )
Georgia
Abkhazia
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Republic of Artsakh


Europe



• • • • • () • • • • • • • • () • • • • • • • (, ) • • () • • • • • • (Florence, , , , ) • • • • • • • • • (including disputed ) • • • • • • • • () • • • • •
Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Åland
Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Vienna
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Prague
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Dresden
Munich
Gibraltar
Greece
Athens
Guernsey
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Milan
Palermo
Rome
Turin
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Moldova
Transnistria
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
North Macedonia
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Saint Petersburg
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia

Norway


Svalbard

Spain

Autonomous communities of Spain: ()
Catalonia
Barcelona
() • () • •
Sweden
Stockholm
Switzerland
Geneva
Turkey
Ukraine

United Kingdom

(, ) • • () •
England
Cornwall
London
Northern Ireland
Scotland
Edinburgh
Wales

Vatican City

European Union


North America



Canada



• • • • • • • () • • •
Provinces of Canada:
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Toronto
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
•
Territories of Canada:
Northwest Territories
Yukon
•
Greenland
Saint Pierre and Miquelon


United States



• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • () • • • • • • • • • • • () • • • • • • () • • • • • • • • • • • •
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Boston
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
New York City
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Philadelphia
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
(Washington, D.C.)
District of Columbia


Mexico



Central America

• • • • • •
Belize
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Panama


Caribbean

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Haiti
Jamaica
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States Virgin Islands


Oceania
(includes the continent of )
Australia




Australasia

()
Australia
Sydney


Dependencies/Territories of Australia

•
Christmas Island
Norfolk Island

New Zealand

Melanesia

• (Oceanian part only) • (France) • • • •
Fiji
Indonesia
New Caledonia
Papua New Guinea
Solomon Islands
Vanuatu

Micronesia

• (US) • • • • (US) • •
Federated States of Micronesia
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Nauru
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau

Polynesia

(US) • (NZ) • (France) • (US) • (NZ) • (UK) • • (NZ) • • • (France)
American Samoa
Cook Islands
French Polynesia
Hawaii
Niue
Pitcairn Islands
Samoa
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
Wallis and Futuna


South America



• • () • • • • • • • • • •
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Rio de Janeiro
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Falkland Islands
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela

South Atlantic

• •
Ascension Island
Saint Helena
Tristan da Cunha




Health and fitness


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch



See also:
Biology (below)
– Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being. This is a level of functional and (or) metabolic efficiency of a person in mind, body, and spirit; being free from illness, injury or pain (as in “” or “”). The (WHO) defined health in its broader sense in 1946 as "a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity."

Health
good health
healthy
World Health Organization

– cessation of life.
Death
– any bodily activity that enhances or maintains physical fitness and overall health and wellness. It is performed for various reasons including strengthening muscles and the cardiovascular system, honing athletic skills, weight loss or maintenance, and mental health including the prevention of depression. Frequent and regular physical exercise boosts the immune system and helps prevent the "diseases of affluence" such as , cardiovascular disease, Type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity.
Exercise
heart disease
– provision, to cells and organisms, of the materials necessary (in the form of food) to support life.
Nutrition
– The study of slowing down or reversing the processes of aging to extend both the maximum and average lifespan.
Life extension
– applied sciences that address the use of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics in the delivery of healthcare to human beings.
Health sciences
– science and art of healing. It encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to maintain and restore health by the prevention and treatment of illness.
Medicine

– a way to control pain during a surgery or procedure by using a medicine called anesthetics.
Anesthesia
– the branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the human heart. The field includes medical diagnosis and treatment of congenital heart defects, coronary artery disease, heart failure, valvular heart disease, and electrophysiology.
Cardiology
– aspect of biomedical research that addresses the assessment of new pharmaceutical and biological drugs, medical devices, and vaccines in humans.
Clinical research
– a group of metabolic diseases in which the person has high blood glucose (blood sugar) above 200mg/dl, either because insulin production is inadequate, or because the body's cells do not respond properly to insulin or both.
Diabetes
– a branch of medicine that is involved in the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders, and conditions of the mouth, maxillofacial area, and the adjacent and associated structures (teeth) and their impact on the human body.
Dentistry
– medical specialty involving care for undifferentiated, unscheduled patients with acute illnesses or injuries that require immediate medical attention. Emergency physicians undertake acute investigations and interventions to resuscitate and stabilize patients.
Emergency medicine
– medical specialty dealing with the care of all women's reproductive tracts and their children during pregnancy (prenatal period), childbirth, and the postnatal period.
Obstetrics
– medical specialty dealing with bones, joints and operative management of trauma.
Trauma and Orthopedics
– medical specialty devoted to the study and treatment of mental disorders. These mental disorders include various affective, behavioral, cognitive, and perceptual abnormalities.
Psychiatry

a mental condition, present from early childhood, characterized by great difficulty in communicating and forming relationships with other people and in using language and abstract concepts.
Autism
– a mental disorder that causes periods of depression and periods of abnormally elevated mood.
Bipolar disorder
– is a diverse association of individuals who either currently access mental health services (known as consumers or service users), or who are survivors of interventions by psychiatry, or who are ex-patients of mental health.
Psychiatric survivors movement




History and events


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
() – records of past events and the way things were. It is also a field responsible for the discovery, collection, organization, and presentation of information about the past.

History
timelines

(See also )

History, by period
Timeline of world history

Prehistory – events occurring before recorded history (that is, before written records).

–
Colorado prehistory
– technologies that emerged before recorded history (i.e., before the development of writing).
Prehistoric technology
() – from ?3350 BCE to ?500 CE
Ancient history
timeline

Ancient West

() – long period of cultural history in the lands surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, comprising the Greco-Roman world.
Classical antiquity
timeline

() – period of Greek history lasting from the Greek Dark Ages (ca. 1100 BC) to 146 BC and the Roman conquest of Greece. It was the seminal culture which provided the foundation of Western civilization.
Ancient Greece
timeline
() – civilization that started on the Italian Peninsula and lasted from as early as the 10th century BC to the 5th century AD. Over centuries it shifted from a monarchy to a republic to an empire which dominated South-Western Europe, South-Eastern Europe/Balkans and the Mediterranean region.
Ancient Rome
timeline
– architecture of classical antiquity, that is, ancient Greek architecture and the architecture of ancient Rome. It also refers to the style or styles of architecture influenced by those.
Classical architecture
Ancient East

– China from about 2070 to 221 BC, spanning the Xia Dynasty, Shang Dynasty, Zhou Dynasy, the Spring and Autumn period, to the end of the Warring States period.
Ancient China
– ancient civilization of eastern North Africa, along the lower reaches of the Nile River starting about 3150 BC, in what is now the modern country of Egypt.
Ancient Egypt
– India as it existed from pre-historic times (c. 7000 BCE or earlier) to the start of the Middle Ages (c. 500 CE).
Ancient India
(Medieval history) () – historical period following the Iron Age, fully underway by the 5th century and lasting to the 15th century and preceding the early Modern Era. It is the middle period in a three-period division of history: Classic, Medieval, and Modern.
Middle Ages
timeline
– cultural movement that spanned roughly the 14th to the 17th century, beginning in Florence in the Late Middle Ages and later spreading to the rest of Europe. It encompassed a flowering of literature, science, art, religion, and politics, and gradual but widespread educational reform.
Renaissance
– from 1500 to 1899
Early modern history
– since 1900.
Modern history
– progression towards the development of an integrated world community, from ancient times to the present
Globalization


History, by region

()
History of South Asia
timeline

History of Western civilization

History of existing states

()
United States history
timeline

History of U.S. states

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
History of Alabama
History of Alaska
History of Arizona
History of Arkansas
History of California
History of Colorado
History of Connecticut
History of Delaware
History of Florida
History of Georgia
History of Hawaii
History of Idaho
History of Illinois
History of Indiana
History of Iowa
History of Kansas
History of Kentucky
History of Louisiana
History of Maine
History of Maryland
History of Massachusetts
History of Michigan
History of Minnesota
History of Mississippi
History of Missouri
History of Montana
History of Nebraska
History of Nevada
History of New Hampshire
History of New Jersey
History of New Mexico
History of New York
History of North Carolina
History of North Dakota
History of Ohio
History of Oklahoma
History of Oregon
History of Pennsylvania
History of Rhode Island
History of South Carolina
History of South Dakota
History of Tennessee
History of Texas
History of Utah
History of Vermont
History of Virginia
History of Washington
History of West Virginia
History of Wisconsin
History of Wyoming

Historical states

– ancient civilization of eastern North Africa, along the lower reaches of the Nile River starting about 3150 BC, in what is now the modern country of Egypt.
Ancient Egypt
() – civilization that started on the Italian Peninsula and lasted from as early as the 10th century BC to the 5th century AD. Over centuries it shifted from a monarchy to a republic to an empire which dominated South-Western Europe, South-Eastern Europe/Balkans and the Mediterranean region.
Ancient Rome
timeline

– six-volume work authored by the celebrated English historian Edward Gibbon (1737–1794).

The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire
() – the Eastern Roman Empire that existed throughout Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Known simply as the Roman Empire or Romania by its inhabitants and neighbors, the empire was centered on the capital of Constantinople and was the direct continuation of the Ancient Roman State. Byzantium, however, was distinct from ancient Rome, in that it was Christian and predominantly Greek-speaking, being influenced by Greek, as opposed to Latin, culture.
Byzantine Empire
timeline
() – historical Muslim empire, also known by its contemporaries as the Turkish Empire or Turkey. At its zenith in the second half of the 16th century it controlled Southeast Europe, Southwest Asia and North Africa.
Ottoman Empire
timeline
– socialist state on the Eurasian continent that existed from 1922 to 1991. A union of multiple subnational Soviet republics, its government and economy were highly centralized. The Soviet Union was a one-party state, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital. It was a major ally during World War II, a main participant in the Cold War, and it grew in power to become one of the world's two superpowers (the other being the United States). The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
Soviet Union

History, by subject



History, by field

()
History of art
timeline


History of painting

History of business

History of geography
()
History of mathematics
timeline
()
History of political science
timeline
()
History of science
timeline
()
History of technology
timeline


Prehistoric technology
Historical sciences – fields dealing with history

()
Archaeology
timeline
()
Geology
timeline


Geological history
()
Biology
timeline
()
Astronomy
timeline
History of terrorism


Terrorism in the United States


September 11 attacks


Wars

– civil war in the United States of America from 1861–1865 in which 11 Southern slave states tried to secede.
American Civil War
() – major war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918. It involved all the world's great powers,[1] which were assembled in two opposing alliances: the Allies (centred on the Triple Entente of Britain, France and Russia) and the Central Powers (originally centred on the Triple Alliance of Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy).
World War I
timeline
() – global military conflict from 1939 to 1945, which involved most of the world's nations forming two opposing military alliances, the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread, largest, most costly, and deadliest war in history.
World War II
timeline
() – period of political and military tension between the Western Bloc and the Eastern Bloc, accentuated by the rivalry between the two superpowers at that time: America (U.S.) and the Soviet Union (U.S.S.R.).
Cold War
timeline

– Cold War era military conflict that occurred in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from 1 November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975. This war followed the First Indochina War and was fought between North Vietnam, supported by its communist allies, and the government of South Vietnam, supported by the United States and other anti-communist nations.
Vietnam War






Human activities


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– intentional, purposive, conscious and subjectively meaningful sequences of actions.
Human activity


Agriculture
– vast subdivision of culture, composed of many creative endeavors and disciplines. The arts encompasses visual arts, literary arts and the performing arts.
Arts

Communication

Education

Entertainment

Exercise

Government

Industry

Law enforcement

Philosophy

Politics

Religion

Science

– application of scientific knowledge transferred into a physical environment. Examples include all fields of engineering.
Applied science
– branch of knowledge with many subbranches which are concerned with formal systems. Unlike other sciences, the formal sciences are not concerned with the validity of theories based on observations in the real world, but instead with the properties of formal systems based on definitions and rules.
Formal science
– major branch of science that tries to explain and predict nature's phenomena, based on empirical evidence. In natural science, hypotheses must be verified scientifically to be regarded as scientific theory. Validity, accuracy, and social mechanisms ensuring quality control, such as peer review and repeatability of findings, are among the criteria and methods used for this purpose.
Natural science
– study of the world and its cultures and civilizations. Social science has many branches, each called a "social science".
Social science
– organized, competitive, entertaining, and skillful activity requiring commitment, strategy, and fair play, in which a winner can be defined by objective means. Generally speaking, a sport is a game based in physical athleticism.
Sports
– the transfer of people or things from one place to another.
Transport
– practice of people descending below the water's surface to interact with the environment.
Underwater diving
– state of armed conflict between states, governments, societies and informal paramilitary groups, such as mercenaries, insurgents and militias. It is generally characterized by extreme violence, aggression, destruction, and mortality, using regular or irregular military forces.
War

Impact of human activity


Environmentalism




Mathematics and logic


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– branches of knowledge that are concerned with formal systems. Unlike other sciences, the formal sciences are not concerned with the validity of theories based on observations in the real world, but instead with the properties of formal systems based on definitions and rules.


Formal science

– study of quantity, structure, space, and change. Mathematicians seek out patterns, and formulate new conjectures. (See also: )

Mathematics
Lists of mathematics topics

– oldest and most elementary branch of mathematics, involving the study of quantity, especially as the result of combining numbers. The simplest arithmetical operations include addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
Arithmetic
– branch of mathematics concerning the study of the rules of operations and relations, and the constructions and concepts arising from them, including terms, polynomials, equations and algebraic structures.
Algebra

– the sum total of all properties that arise from the inclusion of one or more operations on a set.
Algebraic structure
– branch of mathematics focused on limits, functions, derivatives, integrals, and infinite series. Calculus is the study of change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of operations and their application to solving equations.
Analysis/Calculus
– branch of mathematics examining the properties of mathematical structures in terms of collections of objects and arrows
Category theory
– study of mathematical structures that are fundamentally discrete rather than continuous. In contrast to real numbers that have the property of varying "smoothly", the objects studied in discrete mathematics – such as integers, graphs, and statements in logic – do not vary smoothly in this way, but have distinct, separated values.
Discrete mathematics

– branch of mathematics concerning the study of finite or countable discrete structures.
Combinatorics
– one of the oldest branches of mathematics, it is concerned with questions of shape, size, relative position of figures, and the properties of space.
Geometry
– developed from geometry, it looks at those properties that do not change even when the figures are deformed by stretching and bending, like dimension.
Topology
– branch of mathematics that studies triangles and the relationships between their sides and the angles between these sides. Trigonometry defines the trigonometric functions, which describe those relationships and have applicability to cyclical phenomena, such as waves.
Trigonometry
– formal systematic study of the principles of valid inference and correct reasoning. Logic is used in most intellectual activities, but is studied primarily in the disciplines of philosophy, mathematics, semantics, and computer science.

Logic
– academic disciplines that are primarily mathematical in nature but may not be universally considered subfields of mathematics proper.
Other mathematical sciences

– study of the collection, organization, and interpretation of data. It deals with all aspects of this, including the planning of data collection in terms of the design of surveys and experiments.
Statistics

– techniques for modeling and analyzing several variables, when the focus is on the relationship between a dependent variable and one or more independent variables. More specifically, regression analysis helps one understand how the typical value of the dependent variable changes when any one of the independent variables is varied, while the other independent variables are held fixed.
Regression analysis
– way of expressing knowledge or belief that an event will occur or has occurred. The concept has an exact mathematical meaning in probability theory, which is used extensively in such areas of study as mathematics, statistics, finance, gambling, science, artificial intelligence/machine learning and philosophy to draw conclusions about the likelihood of potential events and the underlying mechanics of complex systems.
Probability
– a division or subset of general computer science and mathematics that focuses on more abstract or mathematical aspects of computing and includes the theory of computation.
Theoretical computer science




Natural and physical sciences


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the world. An older and closely related meaning still in use today is that of Aristotle, for whom scientific knowledge was a body of reliable knowledge that can be logically and rationally explained.

Science
– natural science is a major branch of science, that tries to explain and predict nature's phenomena, based on empirical evidence. In natural science, hypotheses must be verified scientifically to be regarded as scientific theory. Validity, accuracy, and social mechanisms ensuring quality control, such as peer review and repeatability of findings, are amongst the criteria and methods used for this purpose.
Basis of
natural science

– body of techniques for investigating phenomena, acquiring new knowledge, or correcting and integrating previous knowledge. To be termed scientific, a method of inquiry must be based on gathering empirical and measurable evidence subject to specific principles of reasoning.
Scientific method
– decimal based system of measurement based on the metre and the kilogram, units of measure that were developed in France in 1799 and which is now used in most branches on international commerce, science and engineering.
Metric system
– also called "the natural sciences", which are:
Branches of
natural science

– study of life and living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, origin, evolution, distribution, and taxonomy.


Biology

Biological phenomena

– cessation of life; end of life-cycle
Death
Branches of biology

– study of the structure of living things.
Anatomy

– part of the human body that coordinates a person's voluntary and involuntary actions and transmits signals between different parts of the body.
Human nervous system

– central organ of the nervous system located in the head of a human being, protected by the skull
Human brain
– study of substances found in biological organisms.
Biochemistry
– interdisciplinary science that uses the methods of physical science to study biological systems. Studies included under the branches of biophysics span all levels of biological organization, from the molecular scale to whole organisms and ecosystems.
Biophysics
– study of plant life.
Botany
– study of cells. Their physiological properties, their structure, the organelles they contain, interactions with their environment, their life cycle, division and death.
Cell biology
– study of interactions between organisms and their environment.
Ecology
– multidisciplinary academic field that systematically studies human interaction with the environment, bringing together principles of the physical sciences, commerce/economics and social sciences to solve today's complex contemporary environmental problems.
Environmental studies
– study of evolutionary processes that produced the diversity of life on Earth.
Evolution
– study of genes, heredity, and variation in living organisms.
Genetics
– study of immune systems in all organisms.
Immunology
– scientific study of the nervous system.
Neuroscience

– neuroscience techniques for making spatial maps of the (human or non-human) brain.
Brain mapping
Paleontology – study of prehistoric life, including organisms' evolution and interactions with each other and their environments (their paleoecology).

– diverse group of animals that were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years, from the late Triassic period (about 230 million years ago) until the end of the Cretaceous (about 65 million years ago), when the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event led to the extinction of most dinosaur species at the close of the Mesozoic era.
Dinosaurs
Pharmacology – broadly defined as the study of drug action and pharmacokinetics.
– study of how living organisms function.
Physiology
– study of the animal kingdom, including the structure, embryology, evolution, classification, habits, and distribution of all animals, both living and extinct.
Zoology
– living organisms
Life forms

– multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa). All animals are motile, meaning they can move spontaneously and independently at some point in their lives. Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop, although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their lives. All animals are heterotrophs: they must ingest other organisms or their products for sustenance.
Animals

– more than 12,000 species of social insects evolved from wasp-like ancestors, that live in organised colonies which may consist of millions of ants.
Ants
– any member of the class Gastropoda, which includes slugs and snails.
Gastropods
– feathered, winged, bipedal, endothermic (warm-blooded), egg-laying, vertebrate animals. There are about 10,000 living species of birds.
Birds
– any member of a paraphyletic group of organisms that consist of all gill-bearing aquatic craniate animals that lack limbs with digits.
Fish

– type of fish with a full cartilaginous skeleton and a highly streamlined body. The earliest known sharks date from more than 420 million years ago.
Sharks
– group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms.
Fungi
– encompasses the branches of science that study non-living systems, in contrast to the life sciences. However, the term "physical" creates an unintended, somewhat arbitrary distinction, since many branches of physical science also study biological phenomena.

Physical sciences

– study of matter, especially its properties, structure, composition, behavior, reactions, interactions and the changes it undergoes.

Chemistry

– study of the structure, properties, composition, reactions, and preparation (by synthesis or by other means) of carbon-based compounds, hydrocarbons, and their derivatives.
Organic chemistry
– chemical substance with the chemical formula HO. Its molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at ambient conditions, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice, and gaseous state (water vapor or steam).
Water
2
– all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet Earth. It is arguably a special case in planetary science, the Earth being the only known life-bearing planet.

Earth science

– planet you are on right now. Third planet from the Sun, the densest planet in the Solar System, the largest of the Solar System's four terrestrial planets, and the only astronomical object known to harbor life.
Earth
– study of the Earth and its lands, features, inhabitants, and phenomena. A literal translation would be "to describe or write about the Earth".
Geography
– study of the Earth, with the general exclusion of present-day life, flow within the ocean, and the atmosphere. The field of geology encompasses the composition, structure, physical properties, and history of Earth's components, and the processes by which they are shaped. Geologists typically study rock, sediment, soil, rivers, and natural resources.
Geology
– physics of the Earth and its environment in space; also the study of the Earth using quantitative physical methods. Includes Earth's shape; its gravitational and magnetic fields; its internal structure and composition; its dynamics and their surface expression in plate tectonics, the generation of magmas, volcanism and rock formation.
Geophysics
– study of the atmosphere, including study and forecasting of the weather.
Meteorology

– storm systems characterized by a large low-pressure center and numerous thunderstorms that produce strong winds and heavy rain.
Tropical cyclones
– The study of the physical and biological aspects of the ocean.
Oceanography
– study of matter and its motion through spacetime, along with related concepts such as energy and force. More broadly, it is the general analysis of nature, conducted in order to understand how the universe behaves.

Physics

– scalar physical quantity that describes the amount of work that can be performed by a force. Energy is an attribute of objects and systems that is subject to a conservation law.
Energy


Space science

– study of celestial objects (such as stars, planets, comets, nebulae, star clusters and galaxies) and phenomena that originate outside the Earth's atmosphere (such as the cosmic background radiation).
Astronomy

– gravitationally bound system comprising the Sun and the objects that orbit it, either directly or indirectly. Where the Earth is located (the third planet orbiting the Sun).
Solar System

– closest planet to the sun.
Mercury
– second closest planet to the sun. It is a terrestrial planet.
Venus
– home of the human race, and 3rd planet closest to the sun. It is the only planet known to support life.
Earth

– astronomical object that orbits planet Earth, being Earth's only permanent natural satellite.
Moon
– terrestrial planet. Fourth closest planet to the sun.
Mars
– gas giant, and fifth planet from the sun.
Jupiter
– gas giant, famous for its rings, and sixth planet from the sun.
Saturn
– ice giant, and seventh planet from the sun.
Uranus
– ice giant. Eighth and furthest planet from the sun.
Neptune
– mathematically defined region of spacetime exhibiting such a strong gravitational pull that no particle or electromagnetic radiation can escape from it.
Black holes
– gravitationally bound systems of stars, stellar remnants, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter. Earth is located in the Milky Way galaxy.
Galaxies




People and self


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch

People


Types of people


Children

Self

Aspects of people

Their bodies ()
biology
Their minds ()
psychology


Thought
Their behavior ()
sociology


Human sexuality


BDSM

LGBT

Relationships


Adoption

Specific people


Abraham Lincoln

Albert Einstein

Bob Marley

Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz

William Shakespeare

Joseph Smith

Jesus




Philosophy and thinking


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– The study of general and fundamental problems concerning matters such as existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.

Philosophy


Branches of philosophy

– The study of the nature of beauty, art, and taste, and with the creation and appreciation of beauty.
Aesthetics
– The study of and belief.
Epistemology
knowledge
– The study of the right, the good, and the valuable. Includes study of applied ethics.
Ethics

– The study of sexual relations rooted in particular behaviors and standards.
Sexual ethics
– The study of good reasoning, by examining the validity of arguments and documenting their fallacies.
Logic
– traditional branch of philosophy concerned with explaining the fundamental nature of being and the world that encompasses it, although the term is not easily defined.
Metaphysics

Philosophies

– the rejection of belief in the existence of deities. In a narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities.
Atheism
– examination and critique of society and culture, drawing from knowledge across the social sciences and humanities.
Critical theory
– approach in study, philosophy, worldview or practice that focuses on human values and concerns.
Humanism
– international intellectual and cultural movement that affirms the possibility and desirability of fundamentally transforming the human condition by developing and making widely available technologies to and to greatly enhance human intellectual, physical, and psychological capacities. It is often abbreviated as or .
Transhumanism
eliminate aging
H+
h+
Political philosophies:

– political philosophy which considers the state undesirable, unnecessary, and harmful, and instead promotes a stateless society, or anarchy.
Anarchism
– political philosophy that advocates minimization of the government and maximization of individual liberty and political freedom.
Libertarianism

Outline of Marxism
Philosophical debates:


Creation–evolution controversy
– mental or intellectual activity involving an individual's subjective consciousness. It can refer either to the act of thinking or the resulting ideas or arrangements of ideas.

Thought

– scientific study of the nervous system.
Neuroscience
– science of behavior and mental processes.
Psychology




Religion and belief systems


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– collection of cultural systems, belief systems, and worldviews that establishes symbols that relate humanity to spirituality and sometimes to moral values.

Religion

World's religions:

Abrahamic religions:

– "religion, philosophy, and way of life" of the Jewish people. Originating in the Hebrew Bible (also known as the Tanach) and explored in later texts such as the Talmud, it is considered by religious Jews to be the expression of the covenantal relationship God developed with the Children of Israel.
Judaism

– the collective body of Jewish religious laws derived from the Written and Oral Torah.
Jewish law
– monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus as presented in canonical gospels and other New Testament writings.
Christianity

– the founder of Christianity
Jesus
– the holy text of Christianity
Bible
– Catholicism is the largest denomination of Christianity. It holds that its Bishops are the successors of the Apostles of Jesus and its Pope the successor of St Peter, and Mary the mother of Jesus is venerated. The term Catholicism broadly denotes the varying body of traditions, nations, demographics and behaviours generally subscribed to the Faith.
Catholicism


Catholic canon law

Catholic ecumenical councils

Heresies in the Catholic Church
– Protestantism is a broad term, usually used for Christians who are not of the Catholic, Anglican, or Eastern Churches. However, some consider Anglicanism to be Protestant, and some consider Radical Reformism not to be Protestant.
Protestantism
– The largest denomination of the Latter Day Saint movement, an American restorationist movement. Members are known as "Mormons".
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

– the earliest distinctive scripture of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Book of Mormon

– the founding Prophet of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Joseph Smith
– monotheistic religion articulated by the Quran, a text considered by its adherents to be the verbatim word of one God, Allah (Arabic: ???? All?h), and by the teachings and normative example (called the Sunnah and composed of Hadith) of Muhammad, considered by them to be the last prophet of Allah.
Islam
– a monotheistic religion founded by Bahá?u'lláh in the 19th century, proclaims Spiritual unity of mankind
Bahá?í Faith
East Asian religions:

– a religious and philosophical tradition of Chinese origin with an emphasis on living in harmony with, and in accordance to the natural flow or cosmic structural order of the universe commonly referred to as the .The Tao Te Ching, along with the Zhuangzi, is a fundamental text for both philosophical and religious Taoism. Laozi is traditionally regarded as one of the founders of Taoism and is closely associated in this context with "original" or "primordial" Taoism.
Taoism
Tao
Indian religions:

– religion and philosophy encompassing a variety of traditions, beliefs and practices, largely based on teachings attributed to Siddhartha Gautama, commonly known as the Buddha (P?li/Sanskrit "the awakened one").
Buddhism
– predominant and indigenous religious tradition), amongst many other expressions.
Hinduism

– Henotheistic belief that originated in South India. It is cited as an independent monistic religion by several newspapers, government reports and academic researchers. In Indian censuses, however, the majority of its followers declare themselves as Hindus. Therefore, Ayyavazhi is also considered a Hindu denomination.
Ayyavazhi
– monotheistic religion founded during the 15th century in the Punjab region, on the teachings of Guru Nanak Dev Ji and ten successive Sikh Gurus (the last teaching being the holy scripture Guru Granth Sahib Ji).
Sikhism
– a contemporary set of beliefs modelled on the ancient pagan religions (usually of Europe or the Near East).
Contemporary Paganism
Religious debates:

– recurring theological and cultural-political dispute about the origins of the Earth, humanity, life, and the universe, between the proponents of various forms of abiogenesis, and proponents of the various forms of special creation. In both cases, there is limited scientific support for any origin of life hypothesis. The dispute particularly involves the field of evolutionary biology, but also the fields of geology, palaeontology, thermodynamics, nuclear physics and cosmology.
Creation–evolution controversy
Religious issues:

– systematic and rational study of religion and its influences and of the nature of religious truths, or the learned profession acquired by completing specialized training in religious studies, usually at a university or school of divinity or seminary.
Theology

– enterprise to construct a coherent system of Christian belief and practice based primarily upon the texts of the Old Testament and the New Testament as well as the historic traditions of the faithful. Christian theologians use biblical exegesis, rational analysis, and argument to clarify, examine, understand, explicate, critique, defend or promote Christianity.
Christian theology
– end of physical life
Death
Irreligion – absence of religious belief, or indifference or hostility to religion, or active rejection of religious traditions.

– rejection of belief in the existence of deities. In a narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities. Most inclusively, atheism is simply the absence of belief that any deities exist. Atheism is contrasted with theism, which in its most general form is the belief that at least one deity exists.
Atheism
– embraces human reason, ethics, and justice while specifically rejecting religious dogma, supernaturalism, pseudoscience or superstition as the basis of morality and decision-making.
Secular humanism
– can refer to an ultimate or an alleged immaterial reality; an inner path enabling a person to discover the essence of his/her being; or the "deepest values and meanings by which people live."
Spirituality




Society and social sciences


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– study of the world and its cultures and civilizations. Social science has many branches, each called a "social science". Some of the major social sciences are:

Social science

– study of how humans developed biologically and culturally.
Anthropology
– study of human cultures through the recovery, documentation, and analysis of material remains and environmental data, including architecture, artifacts, biofacts, human remains, and landscapes.
Archaeology
– study of how people satisfy their wants and needs. Economics is also the study of supply and demand.
Economics
– is the interdisciplinary study of difference—chiefly race, ethnicity, and nation, but also sexuality, gender, and other such markings—and power, as expressed by the state, by civil society, and by individuals.
Ethnic Studies
– seeks to understand what is likely to continue and what could plausibly change
Futures studies
– study of physical environments and how people live in them.
Geography
– study of the past.
History
– set of rules and principles by which a society is governed. (For branches, see under below).
Law
Law
Society

– non-criminal law, in common law countries. It pertains to lawsuits, civil liability, etc.
Civil law
– study of natural languages.
Linguistics

– the international constructed language.
Esperanto
– the German language.
German language
– the Korean language.
Korean language
– methods used to understand language and texts, primarily legal documents and sacred texts.
Principles of interpretation
– study of different forms of government and the ways citizens relate to them.
Political science
– study of the mind, mental processes and behavior.
Psychology

–
Abnormal psychology
– mental capacities of human beings to reason, plan, problem solve, think, comprehend ideas, use languages, and learn.
Human intelligence
– impacts and is impacted upon by cultural, political, legal, philosophical, moral, ethical, and religious aspects of life. Sexual activity is a vital principle of human living that connects the desires, pleasures, and energy of the body with a knowledge of human intimacy.
Human sexuality
– study of symbols and how they relate to one another.
Semiotics
– study of the formation of human societies and social organizations, their structure, and the interaction and behavior of people in organized groups.
Sociology
– group of people sharing the same geographical or virtual territory and therefore subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. Such people share a distinctive culture and institutions, which characterize the patterns of social relations between them.

Society

– group of interacting people, possibly living in close proximity, and often refers to a group that shares some common values, and is attributed with social cohesion within a shared geographical location, generally in social units larger than a household.
Community

– lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community
LGBT
– organization engaged in the trade of goods, services, or both to consumers for the purpose of making a profit.

Business

– discipline that applies mathematical and statistical methods to assess risk in the insurance and finance industries.
Actuarial science
– also called "business management", this comprises planning, organizing, staffing, and directing a company's operations in order to achieve its goals.
Business administration

– funds management, including raising capital to fund an enterprise.
Finance
– process used to determine what products or services may be of interest to customers, and the strategy to use in sales, communications and business development. It generates the strategy that underlies sales techniques, business communication, and business developments.
Marketing
– creating 'use' value or 'utility' that can satisfy a want or need. Any effort directed toward the realization of a desired product or service is a "productive" effort and the performance of such an act is production.
Production
– discipline of initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing the work of a team to achieve specific goals and meet specific success criteria. A project is a temporary endeavor to produce a unique product, service or result with a defined beginning and end. The temporary nature of projects stands in contrast with business as usual (or operations).
Project management
– analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. It aims to explain how economies work and how economic agents interact.
Economics
– studies the structure of and boundaries between firms and markets and the strategic interactions of firms.
Industrial organization
– activity of conveying meaningful information, which requires a sender, a message, and an intended recipient.

Communication

– gathering, processing, and dissemination of news and information related to the news to an audience. It includes both the method of inquiring for news and the literary style which is used to disseminate it.
Journalism

– collection, verification, production, distribution and exhibition of information regarding current events, trends, issues and people that are associated with the non-human world with which humans necessarily interact.
Environmental journalism
– practice of managing the spread of information between an individual or an organization (such as a business, government agency, or a nonprofit organization) and the public.
Public relations
- Musical sound programming, , , Dance Programming or Production.
Music
Lyrics production
Remixing
– any act or experience that has a formative effect on the mind, character, or physical of an individual. In its technical sense, education is the process by which society deliberately transmits its accumulated knowledge, skills, and values from one generation to another. Education can also be defined as the process of becoming an educated person.

Education

– nationally and internationally recognized establishment of professional scholars and students, usually centered around colleges and universities, who are engaged in higher education and research.
Academia

– private Ivy League university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, established in 1636 by the Massachusetts legislature. Harvard is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States and the first corporation (officially ) chartered in that country.
Harvard University
The President and Fellows of Harvard College
–
Open educational resources
– process by which people learn a second language.
Second-language acquisition
- Teaching the soul and mind to yield to some virtue or vice directly or indirectly.
Music
– process of international integration arising from the interchange of world views, products, ideas, and other aspects of culture.

Globalization
– process by which groups of people make collective decisions. The term is generally applied to the art or science of running governmental or state affairs, including behavior within civil governments, but also applies to institutions, fields, and special interest groups such as the corporate, academic, and religious segments of society.

Politics

Political ideologies:

– broad philosophy, ideology and social movement regarding concerns for environmental conservation and improvement of the health of the environment, particularly as the measure for this health seeks to incorporate the concerns of non-human elements.
Environmentalism
– political ideology that aims for the creation of an ecologically sustainable society rooted in environmentalism, social liberalism, and grassroots democracy.
Green politics
Government types:

– form of government in which all the people have an equal say in the decisions that affect their lives.
Democracy
International organizations:


United Nations
Political movements:


Psychiatric survivors movement
– public policy and public administration. Public policy is a principled guide to action taken by the administrative or executive branches of a state with regard to issues in a manner consistent with law and institutional customs. Public administration is "the management of public programs"; the "translation of politics into the reality that citizens see every day"; and "the study of government decision making, the analysis of the policies themselves, the various inputs that have produced them, and the inputs necessary to produce alternative policies."
Public affairs
– A set of rules and principles by which a society is governed.

Law

– body of law that governs business and commercial transactions.
Commercial law
– system of practices and institutions of governments directed at upholding social control, deterring and mitigating crime, or sanctioning those who violate laws with criminal penalties and rehabilitation efforts. Those accused of crime have protections against abuse of investigatory and prosecution powers.
Criminal justice

–
Crime

– violence between partners in a close relationship (marriage, family, dating and so on). This form of violence can manifest itself in a variety of ways.
Domestic violence
–
Forgery
– any system by which some members of society act in an organized manner to promote adherence to the law by discovering and punishing persons who violate the rules and norms governing that society. The term usually refers to organizations that engage in patrols or surveillance to dissuade and discover criminal activity, and to those who investigate crimes and apprehend offenders.
Law enforcement
– distinct types of creations of the mind for which a set of exclusive rights are recognized—and the corresponding fields of law.
Intellectual property

–
Patents
– laws and legal procedures dealing with torts. In common law jurisdictions, a tort is a civil wrong that involves a breach of a civil duty (other than a contractual duty) owed to someone else. A tort is differentiated from a crime, which involves a breach of a duty owed to society in general. Though many acts are both torts and crimes, prosecutions for crime are mostly the responsibility of the state; whereas any party who has been injured may bring a lawsuit for tort.
Tort law
Law of the United States

–
Evidence law in the United States
–
United States federal Indian law and policy
– legal, social, or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement; that is, rights are the fundamental normative rules about what is allowed of people or owed to people, according to some legal system, social convention, or ethical theory.
Rights




Technology and applied sciences


()
see in all page types
·

edit

watch
– application of scientific knowledge transferred into a physical environment. Examples include testing a theoretical model through the use of formal science or solving a practical problem through the use of natural science.

Applied science
– making, usage, and knowledge of tools, machines, techniques, crafts, systems or methods of organization in order to solve a problem or perform a specific function. It can also refer to the collection of such tools, machinery, and procedures.

Technology

Technologies and applied sciences

– flight or transport above the surface of the Earth.
Aerospace

– the physical investigation of the space more than 100 km above the Earth by either manned or unmanned spacecraft.
Space exploration
– physics which is intended for a particular technological or practical use. It is usually considered as a bridge or a connection between "pure" physics and engineering.
Applied physics

– forecasts the weather
Meteorology
– cultivation of plants, animals, and other living organisms.

Agriculture

– activity of trying to catch fish. Fish are normally caught in the wild. Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering, spearing, netting, angling and trapping.
Fishing

– a fishery is an entity engaged in raising or harvesting fish which is determined by some authority to be a fishery. According to the FAO, a fishery is typically defined in terms of the "people involved, species or type of fish, area of water or seabed, method of fishing, class of boats, purpose of the activities or a combination of the foregoing features".
Fisheries
– industry or activity concerned with taking, culturing, processing, preserving, storing, transporting, marketing or selling fish or fish products. It is defined by the FAO as including recreational, subsistence and commercial fishing, and the harvesting, processing, and marketing sectors.
Fishing industry
– art and science of tree resources, including plantations and natural stands. The main goal of forestry is to create and implement systems that allow forests to continue a sustainable provision of environmental supplies and services.
Forestry
– a method of crop and livestock production that involves much more than choosing not to use pesticides, fertilizers, genetically modified organisms, antibiotics and growth hormones.
Organic gardening and farming
– farming in sustainable ways based on an understanding of ecosystem services, and the study of relationships between organisms and their environment.
Sustainable agriculture
– the imparting or exchanging of information by speaking, writing, or using some other medium.
Communication

– A book is a set of written, printed, illustrated, or blank sheets, made of ink, paper, parchment, or other materials, fastened together to hinge at one side
Books
– the transfer of information at a distance, including signaling, telegraphy, telephony, telemetry, radio, television, and data communications.
Telecommunication

– Aural or encoded telecommunications.
Radio
– the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the standard Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP).
Internet
– Visual and aural telecommunications.
Television broadcasting
– any goal-oriented activity requiring, benefiting from, or creating computers. Computing includes designing and building hardware and software systems; processing, structuring, and managing various kinds of information; doing scientific research on and with computers; making computer systems behave intelligently; creating and using communications and entertainment media; and more.

Computing

– discipline that integrates several fields of electrical engineering and computer science required to develop computer systems, from designing individual microprocessors, personal computers, and supercomputers, to circuit design.
Computer engineering

– general purpose devices that can be programmed to carry out a finite set of arithmetic or logical operations. Since a sequence of operations can be readily changed, computers can solve more than one kind of problem.
Computers
– the study of the theoretical foundations of information and computation and of practical techniques for their implementation and application in computer systems.
Computer science

– intelligence of machines and the branch of computer science that aims to create it.
Artificial intelligence

– interdisciplinary field that deals with how computers can be made to gain high-level understanding from digital images or videos. From the perspective of engineering, it seeks to automate tasks that the human visual system can do.
Computer vision

– in computer vision, this is the task of finding a given object in an image or video sequence.
Object recognition
Natural language processing – computer activity in which computers are entailed to analyze, understand, alter, or generate natural language. This includes the automation of any or all linguistic forms, activities, or methods of communication, such as conversation, correspondence, reading, written composition, dictation, publishing, translation, lip reading, and so on.
– the technology to secure communications in the presence of third parties.
Cryptography
– the study of how people interact with computers and to what extent computers are or are not developed for successful interaction with human beings.
Human-computer interaction
– the acquisition, processing, storage and dissemination of vocal, pictorial, textual and numerical information by a microelectronics-based combination of computing and telecommunications.
Information technology
– the systematic approach to the development, operation, maintenance, and retirement of computer software.
Software engineering

– the process of designing, writing, testing, debugging, and maintaining the source code of computer programs.
Programming
– development of a software product, which entails computer programming (process of writing and maintaining the source code), but also encompasses a planned and structured process from the conception of the desired software to its final manifestation.
Software development

– web design encompasses many different skills and disciplines in the production and maintenance of websites, while web development is the work involved in developing a web site for the Internet (World Wide Web) or an intranet (a private network).
Web design and web development
– one of the most popular programming languages with application domains including systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.
C++
– high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming language. Used for text processing, CGI scripting, graphics programming, system administration, network programming, finance, bioinformatics, and more.
Perl
– one or more computer programs and data held in the storage of the computer for one or more purposes. In other words, software is a set of programs, procedures, algorithms and its documentation concerned with the operation of a data processing system.
Software

Application software – is program or a group of programs designed for end users.

– is a collection of information that is organized so that it can easily be accessed, managed and updated.
Databases

("My Structured Query Language") – world's second most widely used relational database management system (RDBMS) and most widely used open-source RDBMS.
MySQL
– information retrieval systems designed to help find information stored on a computer system.
Search engines
– software that can be used, studied, and modified without restriction.
Free software
Operating systems

– mobile operating system developed and distributed by Apple Inc. Originally released in 2007 for the iPhone and iPod Touch, it has since been extended to support other Apple devices such as the iPad and Apple TV.
iOS
– the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the standard Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP).
Internet
Computer industry

– manufacturer and retailer of computers, hand-held computing devices, and related products and services.
Apple Inc.
– Google Inc. and its Internet services including Google Search.
Google
– Computer security, also known as cybersecurity or IT security, is the protection of information systems from theft or damage to the hardware, the software, and to the information on them, as well as from disruption or misdirection of the services they provide.
Computer security
– building or assembly of any physical structure.
Construction
– the art and science of creating the abstract form and function for an object or environment.

Design

– the art and science of designing buildings.
Architecture
– the branch of physics and technology concerned with the design of circuits using transistors and microchips, and with the behavior and movement of electrons in a semiconductor, conductor, vacuum, or gas.
Electronics
– production of an economic good or service.

Industry

– use of machinery to replace human labor.
Automation
–
Industrial machinery
– devices that perform or assist in performing useful work.
Machines
– use of machines, tools and labor to produce goods for use or sale. The term may refer to a range of human activity, from handicraft to high tech, but is most commonly applied to industrial production, in which raw materials are transformed into finished goods on a large scale.
Manufacturing
– deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots.
Robotics


Object recognition
– is an indirectly observed quantity often understood as the ability of a to do on other physical systems.
Energy
physical system
work

– ongoing effort to provide abundant, efficient, and accessible energy resources through knowledge, skills, and construction.
Energy development
– the storage of a form of energy that can then be used later.
Energy storage
– the technology and application of the spontaneous and induced reactions of atomic nuclei.
Nuclear technology

– use of sustained nuclear fission to generate heat and electricity.
Nuclear power
– is the kinetic energy of air in motion, also called wind.
Wind energy
– radiant and from the .
Solar energy
light
heat
sun
– the application of science, mathematics, and technology to produce useful goods and systems.

Engineering

– the technology and application of chemical processes to produce useful materials.
Chemical engineering
– a that integrates several fields of and required to develop and software
Computer engineering
discipline
electrical engineering
computer science
computer hardware
–a that applies control theory to design systems with desired behaviors. The practice uses sensors to measure the output performance of the device being controlled and those measurements can be used to give feedback to devices that can make corrections toward desired performance.
Control engineering
discipline
– the technology and application of electromagnetism, including electricity, electronics, telecommunications, computers, electric power, magnetics, and optics.
Electrical engineering
– applies the principles of , , and for the , analysis, , and maintenance of .
Mechanical engineering
engineering
physics
materials science
design
manufacturing
mechanical systems
– the technology and application of a systematic approach to the development, operation, maintenance, and retirement of computer software.
Software engineering
– act of extinguishing fires. A firefighter fights fires to prevent destruction of life, property and the environment. Firefighting is a professional technical skill.
Firefighting
– application of a broad spectrum of sciences to answer questions of interest to a legal system. This may be in relation to a crime or a civil action.
Forensic science
– includes identification and forecasting of possible futures and future events, and analysis of their ramifications
Futures studies


Health

– applied biology that involves the use of living organisms and bioprocesses in engineering, technology, medicine and other fields requiring bioproducts.
Biotechnology
– the study of designing equipment and devices that fit the human body, its movements, and its cognitive abilities.
Ergonomics
– applied science of diagnosing and treating illness and disease.
Medicine
– The study of the movement, distribution, and quality of water on Earth and other planets, including the hydrologic cycle, water resources and environmental watershed sustainability.
Hydrology
– field primarily concerned with the analysis, collection, , manipulation, storage, and dissemination of .
Information science
interdisciplinary
classification
retrieval
information

[1]

– the study and practice of making maps. Combining science, aesthetics, and technique, cartography builds on the premise that reality can be modeled in ways that communicate spatial information effectively.
Cartography
– technology related to libraries and the information fields.
Library science
– the study of the technique, psychology, practice and other phenomena which constitute war and armed conflict.

Military science
– extraction of mineral resources from the earth.
Mining
– The study of manipulating matter on an atomic and molecular scale. Generally, nanotechnology deals with structures sized between 1 to 100 nanometre in at least one dimension, and involves developing materials or devices possessing at least one dimension within that size.
Nanotechnology
– technologies that emerged before recorded history (i.e., before the development of writing).
Prehistoric technology
– the design and construction of rockets.
Rocketry
– capacity to endure. In ecology, the word describes how biological systems remain diverse and productive over time. Long-lived and healthy wetlands and forests are examples of sustainable biological systems. For humans, sustainability is the potential for long-term maintenance of well being, which has environmental, economic, and social dimensions.
Sustainability
– the transfer of people or things from one place to another.

Transport

:
Transport, by type

Transport, by mode:


Land transport

– means of conveyance of passengers and goods by way of wheeled vehicles running on rail tracks consisting of steel rails installed on sleepers/ties and ballast.
Rail transport
Transport, by power source:

–
Animal-powered transport
Transportation Systems

– a structure built to span physical obstacles without closing the way underneath.
Bridges
– transport of passengers by group travel systems available for use by the general public, typically managed on a schedule, operated on established routes, and that charge a posted fee for each trip.
Public transport
– mechanical devices for transporting people or things.
Vehicles

:
Vehicles, by type

Land vehicles

– human-guided powered land-vehicles.
Automobiles
– human-powered land-vehicles with two or more wheels.
Bicycles
– single-track, engine-powered, motor vehicles. They are also called motorbikes, bikes, or cycles.
Motorcycles
Vehicle components

– ring-shaped coverings that fit around wheel rims
Tires






^


.
Merriam-Webster and American Heritage Dictionary




Content listings

Types



Overviews

Outlines

Lists

Portals

Glossaries

Categories

Indices

Featured content

Good articles

Spoken articles

Topics



Current events

Reference

Culture

Geography

Health

History

Mathematics

Nature

People

Philosophy

Religion

Society

Technology

Places, people and times



Academic disciplines

Anniversaries


today

Countries and territories

Timelines


decades, centuries, and millennia

Indices



A–Z index

Categories

Dewey Decimal classes

Library of Congress Classification


Retrieved from ""
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Contents/Outlines&oldid=926423595

:
Categories


Wikipedia contents
Hidden categories:


Wikipedia semi-protected project pages

Wikipedia move-protected project pages

Project pages with short description



Navigation menu



Personal tools



Not logged in


Talk


Contributions


Create account


Log in



Namespaces




Project page


Talk



English





Views




Read


View source


View history



More





Search











Navigation




Main page


Contents


Current events


Random article


About Wikipedia


Contact us


Donate


Contribute




Help


Learn to edit


Community portal


Recent changes


Upload file


Tools




What links here


Related changes


Upload file


Special pages


Permanent link


Page information


Wikidata item


Print/export




Download as PDF


Printable version


Languages




Ænglisc


?????


?????


Bahasa Indonesia


??????


??????


Polski


Shqip


Walon


??


Edit links


This page was last edited on 16 November 2019, at 08:18.
(UTC)
Text is available under the ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the and . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the , a non-profit organization.
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.


Privacy policy

About Wikipedia

Disclaimers

Contact Wikipedia

Mobile view

Developers

Statistics

Cookie statement








