







Our Commercial Activity








Toggle navigation
Menu

Close
















About



About Us

Our Channels and Brands

Executive Committee

Environment

Our Work



Commercial Activity

Awards

Content Partnerships

Productions


International Content Platform


ScriptWorks



Writers' Academy


News

Contact



Contact Us

Our Locations

FAQs

Careers









Commercial Activity










What We Do
We’re involved in everything from production to the commercial exploitation of content, with activity falling under three broad areas:









Production

We’re a creative production powerhouse with a breadth and range of shows that is unique.
We’re the people behind world-class dramas like and ; landmark Natural History titles like and ; global hits like and ; and some of the most glamorous shows or must-watch events in the world like and.
War and Peace
Luther
Planet Earth II
Blue Planet II
Top Gear
Doctor Who
Dancing with the Stars
Glastonbury
Our talented teams create over 2500 hours of high quality content every year for the UK and international broadcasters. Their expertise delivers some of the world’s best-loved shows and has made us the UK’s most-awarded production company. The proof? In the UK, BBC Studios produced three of the top five British programmes in the last year, proving that our shows have a huge impact on audiences.















Distribution


International Sales
If you watched all 48 000 hours of content in our catalogue back-to-back it would take you five-and-a-half years to get through it all. That’s how big it is: a combination of BBC Studios’ shows and titles from indie producers. Our sales teams all over the world sell the contents of our catalogue to other broadcasters or digital platforms. In fact, we’re the biggest UK distributor of content outside the US studios. We’re pretty good at it too. For the last two years, our peers have consistently voted us as the best distributor or partner in Broadcast magazine’s annual distributor survey.
And we don’t just do this for full programmes. , a joint venture with Getty Images, licenses video clips of our output to other producers and broadcasters for inclusion in their shows.
BBC Motion Gallery
Channels, on-demand and digital services
With 33 channel feeds across 120 markets, we’re the UK’s leading international television broadcaster. We get closer to you through brands such as BBC Earth, BBC Brit, BBC First and CBeebies. We offer subscription video-on-demand services, working with companies like ITV in North America to deliver BritBox, and with Starhub and HyppTV in Singapore and Malaysia respectively to deliver BBC Player.
As it evolves, we want to be at the forefront of technology, so have been developing new experiences in fields such as Virtual Reality. In fact, we recently created an award-winning immersive natural history Virtual Reality experience with Google Daydream called . Look out for more to come.
Life in VR
Global Franchises
From throughand, we turn some of our best-loved shows into commercially successful brands, loved by audiences all over the world. We develop a range of ancillary products like licensed merchandise, social media content and apps, and live events, all designed to extend fans’ enjoyment of these shows.
Dancing with the Stars,
Doctor Who, Top Gear
BBC Earth















Ancillary Businesses
Our ancillary businesses include everything from publishing; books; audio and home entertainment through to merchandise, interactive gaming, music and live events.
We even create English Language teaching materials based on our content for use outside the UK, including for CBeebies learning centres in Beijing. The one thing they have in common? They all provide a way for you to get closer to the content you love.









Privacy

Community Rules

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Terms & Conditions

Annual Review

Reports

Modern Slavery Statement

Working With Us

Accessibility Help





BBC Studios Distribution Limited, company number 01420028, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, United Kingdom, W12 7FA.
BBC Studios Productions Limited, company number 09463829, 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, W12 7FA.


BBC Studios International Content Platform


BBC Studios Careers




