

































































































































Apple TV 4K - Apple




























Global Nav Open Menu

Global Nav Close Menu







Apple



Shopping Bag



+








Search apple.com

Cancel



Apple


Store


Mac


iPad


iPhone


Watch


AirPods


TV & Home


Only on Apple


Accessories


Support





Shopping Bag



+













Cancel





















Apple TV 4K


Local Nav Open Menu

Local Nav Close Menu



Overview

Tech Specs





Buy
Apple TV 4K

















Apple TV 4K





A higher definition of TV.

Apple TV 4K brings the best of TV together with your favorite Apple devices and services — in a powerful experience that will transform your living room.









The best shows, movies, sports, and live TV.
















4K High Frame Rate HDR for fluid, crisp video.
















The Apple experience. On the big screen.
































Watch on Apple TV app.

Tiny World






A12 Bionic brings more performance to your TV.
















The Siri Remote for precise control.













The performance you’re looking for. Right out of the box.



























True-to-life picture and sound.
Look no further than Apple TV 4K with Dolby Vision to elevate your entertainment to its most vivid. Then fully immerse yourself in three-dimensional audio with a Dolby Atmos–compatible sound system, and you’ll see how Apple TV 4K brings home a truly cinematic experience.



1





















Marvel Studios' is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app.

Black Widow

is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app.

Snake Eyes: G.I. Joe Origins

is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app.

Space Jam: A New Legacy

















High Frame Rate HDR. It’s a game changer.

2

With support for high dynamic range (HDR) video at 60 frames per second, Apple TV 4K delivers brighter, more realistic colors and greater detail. Fast?action sports look incredibly smooth. Nature documentaries come alive. And YouTube videos jump off the screen.
















Balance color with a perfectly calibrated combo.
Adjusting your television settings to get the best picture quality can be frustrating. Not anymore. Apple TV 4K now works with your iPhone to automatically calibrate what you watch. Just point your iPhone at your TV screen once, then sit back and see how amazing your shows and movies are supposed to look.













































All the best TV. And it shows.

From period pieces to shows that rule the day, Apple TV 4K has great programming from apps like Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, Disney+, HBO Max, and ESPN — and critically acclaimed Apple Originals from Apple TV+.
Your screen runneth over.

3

4

























































































































































is available on the
Support Formula
Red Bull TV app.












Apple Original series and films from Apple TV+. Just the premium channels you want. Thousands of movies to buy or rent. Popular streaming services and cable TV providers. It’s all your TV. All in one app.
Apple TV app.

Apple TV 4K teams up with some of the world’s largest TV networks, broadcasters, and pay TV providers, making it the only box you need to connect to your TV. Find sports from apps like ESPN and MLB. Late-breaking news from apps like ABC, CNN, and Bloomberg. And your favorite shows on apps such as Hulu, YouTube TV, and Sling TV.
If it’s happening live, it’s happening here.
If you subscribe to Charter Spectrum, DIRECTV STREAM, Optimum, or other pay TV providers, you can also watch live channels and thousands of on?demand programs with Apple TV 4K — bringing you an incredible lineup of content to enjoy.































Apple Original series and films from Apple TV+. Just the premium channels you want. Thousands of movies to buy or rent. Popular streaming services and cable TV providers. It’s all your TV. All in one app.
Apple TV app.



















is available on the
Support Formula
Red Bull TV app.

Apple TV 4K teams up with some of the world’s largest TV networks, broadcasters, and pay TV providers, making it the only box you need to connect to your TV. Find sports from apps like ESPN and MLB. Late-breaking news from apps like ABC, CNN, and Bloomberg. And your favorite shows on apps such as Hulu, YouTube TV, and Sling TV.
If it’s happening live, it’s happening here.
If you subscribe to Charter Spectrum, DIRECTV STREAM, Optimum, or other pay TV providers, you can also watch live channels and thousands of on?demand programs with Apple TV 4K — bringing you an incredible lineup of content to enjoy.



The Siri Remote brings together speed, fluidity, and precise control with a touch-enabled clickpad.
Control that runs circles around other remotes.





























Click to easily browse titles on the Apple TV app.
Swipe to move through long playlists in Apple Music.
Use a circular gesture on the outer ring to or , and find just the scene you’re looking for.
fast-forward
rewind












A dedicated Siri button is on the side — just like iPhone. Simply ask for a movie, show, genre, actor, or song you love.

Play the latest episode of Ted Lasso
Show me the best cartoons for kids
Put on the Lakers game
Open Netflix
Play some reggae



Turn your living room into



a theater.

a gym.
Or

a concert hall.
Or

an arcade.
Or





































Watch critically acclaimed series and films, groundbreaking documentaries, kids’ entertainment, comedies, and more — with new Apple Originals added every month.
Apple TV+.


4

Learn more
































Choose from a catalog of workouts led by expert trainers. In-session metrics from your Apple Watch, like heart rate and calories burned, are shown on your big screen in real time, so you can focus on your workout and see how you’re doing. And you’ll be able to work out with your friends in real time with Fitness+ Group Workouts, powered by SharePlay.
Apple Fitness+.


4

Learn more
































Access over 90 million songs — and music videos from the ’80s to today’s top artists — all through your Apple TV 4K. You can even sing along to your favorite songs — word for word — with lyrics view.
Apple Music.


4

Learn more
































The experience of playing Apple Arcade games — from brain teasers to magical quests to endless runners — is all too immersive on your big screen with Apple TV 4K.
Apple Arcade.


4

Learn more


Gameplay gets more realistic with the , which powers smoother motion and greater responsiveness.
A12 Bionic
helps players keep track of their individual game levels, leaderboards, and invitations — and switch between players at any time.
Multiuser support
And you can to Apple TV 4K, including PlayStation and Xbox Wireless controllers.
connect more of your favorite controllers

5






















An even bigger big-screen experience.





Watch movies or shows with family and friends, even when you’re apart, with SharePlay. Just start a FaceTime call on your iPhone or iPad, and add Apple TV to include the big screen in this shared viewing experience. Everyone’s playback will remain coordinated — so you can all laugh, cry, scream, or sigh at the same time.
SharePlay














Movies and shows shared through Messages appear in a new row in the Apple TV app.
Shared with You














Browse this row in the Apple TV app to find something that everyone in the house can’t wait to watch.
For All of You














Listen with AirPods (3rd generation), AirPods Pro or AirPods Max for a theater?like experience with sound that surrounds you.
Spatial audio with dynamic head tracking.

Hear. There. Everywhere.













When the kids go to bed, Audio Sharing lets you connect two sets of AirPods to your Apple TV 4K and still enjoy movies and shows — with every scream, explosion, and roar.
Audio Sharing

Shhhh. It’s gonna get loud.













Pair two HomePod mini speakers with Apple TV 4K and enjoy rich, room-filling stereo sound for everything you watch. And with Siri, finding movies, launching apps, or controlling videos is just an ask away.
HomePod mini with Siri

Immersive sound. No question about it.















Convenient built-in controls appear on your iPhone on the Lock Screen and in Control Center — so you can easily play, pause, fast-forward, rewind, and adjust the volume on your TV. You can also use Face ID to make purchases or sign in to apps.
iPhone control

Control it all with iPhone. Good call.













Get a live view of your front door and other cameras around your house at the same time. Control your thermostat. Double-check the locks. Apple TV 4K is the ultimate smart home hub, letting you control all your HomeKit devices.
HomeKit

Knock-knock? Who’s there? HomeKit.













With AirPlay, you can share the latest movies, vacation photos, music, and even 4K HDR videos from your iPhone or iPad to your Apple TV 4K in their full resolution.
AirPlay

Take a look at everything you can share.













With multiuser support in Control Center, all your family members can quickly find only the shows they want to watch. Up Next lists, video and music collections, recommendations, and more are tailored to each of you.
Multiuser support

You get your TV. They get theirs.













Enjoy your photos, videos, and shared albums on the big screen. Memories automatically creates collections of your best, and Apple TV 4K lets you see them in 4K.
Photos

Smile. Your photos are on TV.













The App Store on Apple TV 4K has something for everyone. Thousands of top sports, fitness, and kids’ apps. And, of course, a world of games.
App Store

There’s always something good on.





















AR
Use AR to see Apple TV 4K.
Open this page using Safari on your iPhone or iPad.



View in AR
















Apple TV Plus
Get 3 months of Apple TV+ free when you buy an Apple TV 4K.





6



Try it free



Learn more










Apple TV App
The Apple TV app
All your TV. All in one app.



Learn more














Apple Footer


Accessing Dolby Atmos features requires Dolby Atmos-capable devices. Not all content is available in 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound or Dolby Atmos audio. Playback quality will depend on hardware and internet connection.
High Frame Rate HDR content is currently limited. Additional content available soon.
Subscription required for some content. Live sports subject to blackouts. Title availability is subject to change. Some applications are not available in all areas. Application availability is subject to change.
Apple TV+, Apple Fitness+, Apple Music, and Apple Arcade require a subscription.
Game controllers work with select games and are sold separately. Availability may vary by country or region.
$4.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other apply.
terms


. © 2022 and TM Lucasfilm Ltd. Subscription may be required. and Peacemaker are available on the Apple TV app with an HBO Max subscription. © 2021 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. © 2021 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and Village Roadshow Films North America Inc. Euphoria and are available on the Apple TV app with an HBO Max subscription. © 2022 20th Century Studios and TFD Productions LLC. All rights reserved. © 2021 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved. © 2021 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. and BRON Creative USA, Corp. All rights reserved. © 2021 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and Legendary. is on Prime Video. Amazon Prime membership or Prime Video subscription required. Restrictions apply. is available on the Apple TV app with a Paramount+ subscription. © 2021 BBC. © Peacock TV LLC. All rights reserved. Peacock subscription required. . Hulu subscription required. Not all content is available in 4K.
Featured content available on the Apple TV app

The Book of Boba Fett

Euphoria

Sing 2

The Matrix Resurrections

Peacemaker

The French Dispatch of the Liberty, Kansas Evening Sun

King Richard

Ghostbusters: Afterlife

Dune

As We See It

Star Trek Discovery

Doctor Who

Wolf Like Me

How I Met Your Father

Watch college football on the Fox Sports app.
© 2020 Big Ten Conference, Inc. All rights reserved.


?
Apple






TV & Home


Apple TV 4K






Shop and Learn

Open Menu

Close Menu


Store

Mac

iPad

iPhone

Watch

AirPods

TV & Home

iPod touch

AirTag

Accessories

Gift Cards




Services

Open Menu

Close Menu


Apple Music

Apple TV+

Apple Fitness+

Apple News+

Apple Arcade

iCloud

Apple One

Apple Card

Apple Books

Apple Podcasts

App Store



Account

Open Menu

Close Menu


Manage Your Apple ID

Apple Store Account

iCloud.com




Apple Store

Open Menu

Close Menu


Find a Store

Genius Bar

Today at Apple

Apple Camp

Apple Store App

Refurbished and Clearance

Financing

Apple Trade In

Order Status

Shopping Help




For Business

Open Menu

Close Menu


Apple and Business

Shop for Business



For Education

Open Menu

Close Menu


Apple and Education

Shop for K-12

Shop for College



For Healthcare

Open Menu

Close Menu


Apple in Healthcare

Health on Apple Watch

Health Records on iPhone



For Government

Open Menu

Close Menu


Shop for Government

Shop for Veterans and Military




Apple Values

Open Menu

Close Menu


Accessibility

Education

Environment

Inclusion and Diversity

Privacy

Racial Equity and Justice

Supplier Responsibility



About Apple

Open Menu

Close Menu


Newsroom

Apple Leadership

Career Opportunities

Investors

Ethics & Compliance

Events

Contact Apple

More ways to shop: or near you.
Find an Apple Store
other retailer
Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.

United States

Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map






