





Recognize and avoid phishing messages, phony support calls, and other scams - Apple Support



























































































































































Global Nav Open Menu

Global Nav Close Menu







Apple



Shopping Bag



+








Search Support

Cancel



Apple


Store


Mac


iPad


iPhone


Watch


AirPods


TV & Home


Only on Apple


Accessories


Support





Shopping Bag



+













Cancel




















Recognize and avoid phishing messages, phony support calls, and other scams

Use these tips to avoid scams and learn what to do if you receive suspicious emails, phone calls, or other messages.






If you receive a suspicious email or SMS text message that looks like it's supposed to be from Apple, please email it to .
reportphishing@apple.com
1
Phishing refers to fraudulent attempts to get personal information from you, usually by email. But scammers use any means they can to trick you into sharing information or giving them money, including:

Fraudulent emails and other messages that look like they're from legitimate companies, including Apple
Misleading pop-ups and ads that say your device has a security problem
Scam phone calls or voicemails that impersonate Apple Support
Fake promotions that offer free products and prizes
Unwanted Calendar invitations and subscriptions
If you're suspicious about an unexpected message, call, or request for personal information or money, it's safer to presume it's a scam and contact that company directly if you need to. If you're concerned about a security issue with your Apple device, you can .
get help from Apple

If you believe that your Apple ID has been compromised, or if you might have entered your password or other personal info on a scam website, immediately.


change your Apple ID password

How to protect your Apple account and devices

Here are some things you can do to avoid scams that target your Apple account and devices.

Never share personal information like credit card numbers, unless you can verify the recipient is who they claim to be.
Protect your Apple ID. Use , always keep your contact information secure and up to date, and never share your Apple ID password or verification codes with anyone. Apple never asks for this information to provide support.
two-factor authentication
Never use Apple to make other kinds of payments.
Gift Cards
Learn how to identify legitimate Apple emails about your . If you (U.S. only), treat it like any other private transaction.
App Store or iTunes Store purchases
send or receive money with Apple Pay
Learn how to .
keep your Apple devices and data secure
Download software only from sources you can trust.
Don't follow links or open or save attachments in suspicious or unsolicited messages.

How to report suspicious emails, messages, and calls


If you receive a suspicious email that looks like it's supposed to be from Apple, please forward it to .
reportphishing@apple.com
1
To report a suspicious SMS text message that looks like it's supposed to be from Apple, of the message and email the screenshot to .
take a screenshot
reportphishing@apple.com
To report spam or other suspicious emails that you receive in your iCloud.com, me.com, or mac.com Inbox, send them to .
abuse@icloud.com
To report spam or other suspicious messages that you receive through Messages, tap Report Junk under the message. You can also and calls.
block unwanted messages
Report scam phone calls to the Federal Trade Commission (U.S. only) at or to your local law enforcement agency.
reportfraud.ftc.gov




More information about phishing and other scams

Learn how to identify phishing messages, handle fraudulent phone calls, and avoid other online scams.

How to identify fraudulent emails and messages

Scammers try to copy email and text messages from legitimate companies to trick you into giving them your personal information and passwords. These signs can help you identify phishing emails:

The sender’s email or phone doesn’t match the name of the company that it claims to be from.
The email or phone they used to contact you is different from the one that you gave that company.
A link in a message looks right, but the URL doesn’t match the company’s website.
2
The message looks significantly different from other messages that you’ve received from the company.
The message requests personal information, like a credit card number or account password.
The message is unsolicited and contains an attachment.

If you get a suspicious phone call or voicemail

Scammers use fake Caller ID info to spoof phone numbers of companies like Apple and often claim that there's suspicious activity on your account or device to get your attention. Or they may use flattery or threats to pressure you into giving them information, money, and even .
Apple gift cards
If you get an unsolicited or suspicious phone call from someone claiming to be from Apple or Apple Support, just hang up.
You can report scam phone calls to the Federal Trade Commission (U.S. only) at or to your local law enforcement agency.
reportfraud.ftc.gov

If you see suspicious Calendar events

If you get an unwanted or suspicious calendar invitation in Mail or Calendar, you can in iCloud. If you might have unintentionally subscribed to a spam Calendar, you can .
report it as Junk
delete it

If your web browser displays annoying pop-ups

While browsing the web, if you see a pop-up or alert that offers you a free prize or warns you about security problems or viruses on your device, don't believe it. These types of pop-ups are usually fraudulent advertisements, designed to trick you into downloading damaging software or giving the scammer personal information or money.
Don't call the number or follow the links to claim the prize or fix the problem. Ignore the message and simply navigate away from the page or close the entire window or tab.

If you're prompted to download software

Use extreme caution if you download content from the internet. Some downloads found on the internet may not contain the software they claim to, or may contain software that you didn't expect or want. This includes apps that ask to install configuration profiles that can then control your device. If installed, unknown or unwanted software may become intrusive and annoying and could even damage your Mac and steal your data.
To avoid unwanted, fake, or malicious software, install software from the App Store or get it directly from the developer's website. Learn how to or from your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch.
safely open software on your Mac
remove unwanted configuration profiles



1. To report an SMS text message, take a screenshot of the message and send it via email. If you forward a message from Mail on your Mac, include the header information by selecting the message and choosing Forward As Attachment from the Message menu.

2. To confirm the destination of a link on your Mac, hover your pointer over the link to see the URL. If you can't see the URL in the status bar in Safari, choose View > Show Status Bar. On your iOS device, you can touch and hold the link.


Information about products not manufactured by Apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by Apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. Apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. for additional information.
Contact the vendor

Published Date:
January 13, 2022





Helpful?

Yes
No










Character limit:
250
Please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

Maximum character limit is 250.
Submit
Thanks for your feedback.







Start a discussion
in Apple Support Communities



Ask other users about this article




Ask other users about this article


See all questions on this article









Apple Footer


?
Apple






Support


Recognize and avoid phishing messages, phony support calls, and other scams




United States

Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Site Map








