


International Women's Day 2022























Doodles Archive


About




???????????
?català?
??eština?
?Dansk?
??????????
?English (United Kingdom)?
?English (United States)?
?Español (España)?
?Español (Latinoamérica)?
?Suomi?
?Filipino?
?Français (France)?
?Deutsch?
????????
?Hrvatski?
?magyar?
?Bahasa Indonesia?
?Italiano?
?????
?????
?lietuvi??
?latviešu?
?Nederlands?
?norsk?
?polski?
?Português (Portugal)?
?Português (Brasil)?
?român??
?????????
?Sloven?ina?
?slovenš?ina?
????????
?Svenska?
?????
?Türkçe?
????????????
?Ti?ng Vi?t?
??????
??????














More Doodles




March 8, 2022
International Women's Day 2022




Today’s annual International Women’s Day Doodle is an animated slideshow that transports us around the world to give a glimpse into the everyday lives of women across different cultures.
From a mother working from home to a motorcycle mechanic teaching her skills to the next generation, each illustration depicted in today’s Doodle is connected by the common thread of how women show up for themselves, their families, and their communities.
Happy International Women’s Day!







(Her)story with Thoka Maer
Today’s Doodle was illustrated by Doodle Art Director, Thoka Maer. Below, she shares her thoughts behind the making of this Doodle:


Q. Did any of your personal life experiences inform the art direction for any of the slideshow illustrations? If so, how?

A:
Life during the pandemic. The last couple of years have been hard for everyone but women especially. We usually celebrate women and their incredible accomplishments in the past and present, and inspire young girls to dream big. The reality of the last couple of years has forced women to shift focus, adjust priorities and make sacrifices to be there for others who need them.


Q. What do you hope people around the world will think and feel when they see this Doodle?

A:
I really hope that women feel seen and valued for whatever they’ve been doing and are doing right now. Getting up in the morning and getting through the day. Doing the dishes, holding on to the job or letting go of it, taking care of themselves and others. Those very basic things have been a huge piece of work since the beginning of the pandemic.

I want all women to be able to truly choose the lives they want to live and receive all the respect they deserve. A stay at home mom makes the whole world for her children. A CEO makes for innovation and keeps her employees motivated and happy. The vagabond artist delights strangers and indulges in her freedom. Driving a truck, fighting for women’s rights, going to school, or making a meal. We all wake up in the morning and we all have a purpose, big or small. It all matters.





Googlers are committed to exploring how artificial intelligence can accelerate the ways gender inequities are tackled across industries — namely science, health, and media.

Learn more



Discover more inspiring stories about women’s impact on history and culture
on Google Arts & Culture.




Early sketches and storyboards of the Doodle




















Art |



Thoka Maer











Producer |



Lindsay Elgin
















Engineering |




Katherine Lee, Jacob Howcroft
















Marketing |
Perla Campos, Sierra Menzies
















Doodle Team Leads |



Jessica Yu, Erich Nagler






This Doodle's Reach




This day in history






















































