







Terms & Conditions













Toggle navigation





SPECS





SPECS


CONTACT

















SPECS


CONTACT











Home


Platforms




BBC.com


BBC News


BBC World News


BBC Sport


BBC Reel


BBC Worklife


BBC Future


BBC Travel


BBC Culture


BBC World Service


TopGear.com


BBC Earth TV Asia

Advertising




Insights


Brand Strategy


Campaign Precision


BBC StoryWorks

Distribution




Opportunities


THE TIPPING POINT

Events




The New Ways of Marketing to Recharge Tourism


The Insider Series – Africa


Reset - CEO Edit


How News Impacts Businesses


India Upfront 2021


The Sustainability Edit


Reset - Upfront 2020


Talking Media Business


Take the Sustainability Leap


Taking the Sustainability Leap – India Edition


Restart & Reset 2.0 for Travel


CLIMATE CHANGE: THE TIPPING POINT










TERMS & CONDITIONS

This service is operated by BBC Global News Ltd (we, us or our). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04514407 and have our registered and principal place of business at 1 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London W12 7FA. Our VAT number is 333289454.

Please read these terms and conditions (the Terms) carefully. By accessing and using our website and any content and features therein (including without limitation any games, widgets, embeddable media players and RSS feeds) (together, our Services), you indicate your acceptance of these Terms, the Privacy Policy, the Code of Conduct and any other notices, guidelines and rules published by us on our Services from time to time (each of which is incorporated into the Terms by this reference). The Privacy Policy and Code of Conduct can be accessed from links at the bottom of our webpages.
If you do not accept these Terms, please do not access and/or use our Services.
We may update these Terms at any time. Please review the Terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued access to and/or use of our Services after changes have been made to the Terms indicates your agreement to be legally bound by the updated and/or amended Terms.

USE OF OUR SERVICES

You agree to use our Services for lawful purposes only and in a way that does not infringe the rights of or restrict or inhibit any person's use and enjoyment of our Services and in compliance at all times with these Terms and with all laws and regulations that apply.
In accessing our Services, you agree that you will only access its contents for obtaining information about BBC Global News services. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any content on our Services. You will need our prior written permission if you want to use any content on our Services for any other reason.
From time to time, we may make available some parts of our Services (including without limitation forums or communities) or all of our Services only to those users who have registered with us. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. Any personal information supplied to us as part of this registration process and/or or other interaction with our Services will be collected, stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
If you are under 16, you will need to obtain your parent's or guardian's permission before using any interactive features of our Services, such as transmitting or uploading any content onto our Services. If you are under 16, you must not reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else, including your telephone number, home address or email address, to us or to any other user of our Services.
We make no representation that any of the content on our Services is appropriate or available for use in your country. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of our Services is in compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

All information, data, text, documents, graphics, logos, designs, images, pictures, photographs, videos, podcasts, weblogs, RSS feeds, widgets, embeddable media players, software, interactive features, advertisements or other content, services or materials (or any part of them) accessible on our Services (Materials) are protected by copyright, trade marks, database rights and other intellectual property rights and are owned by or licensed to us or are otherwise used by us as permitted by applicable law or regulation. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any licence or right to use the Materials other than as permitted in these Terms.
Except as specifically permitted on our Services, you undertake not to copy, store in any medium (including on any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, re-publish, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of our Services without our prior written permission (and the prior written consent of the owner of the relevant intellectual property rights as and if applicable) in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

USER CONTRIBUTION TO OUR SERVICES

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BEFORE UPLOADING OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTING ANY CONTENT TO THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO GRANT US THE PERMISSIONS SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR CONTRIBUTION TO THE SITE.

We may now or in the future enable users to transmit and/or submit (submit) contributions (including without limitation any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio material) to our Services (User Contributions).
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to submit User Contributions or to make contact with other users of our Services, you must comply with the content standards set out in the Code of Conduct. You promise that any User Contribution complies with the Code of Conduct and you will fully reimburse us for any costs arising from breach of your promise.
You remain the owner of the copyright in any original User Contribution that you submit. By submitting any User Contribution to any of our Services (including without limitation any forum, blog, social network, discussion page, photo album or video uploading facility) and in consideration of us making available to you the opportunity to upload any User Contribution (which you acknowledge as a sufficient benefit to you), you irrevocably and unconditionally grant us free of charge a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable licence of the entire right, title and interest in and to such User Contribution so that we and any successor may use the User Contribution in any way, including without limitation the right to copy, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, reformat, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, transmit, distribute, perform, play, broadcast, commercialise and otherwise make available to the public such User Contribution (whether in whole or in part or copies of the same) in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future for the full period during which such rights subsist (including all renewals, revivals, reversions and extensions of the same) and thereafter to the fullest extent possible in perpetuity.
The permission you have granted to us is not exclusive and therefore you may continue to use the User Contribution in any way in any medium, including allowing others to use it, provided such use does not interfere with or impair the rights you have granted to us.
You authorise us to grant and we hereby grant to each user of our Services a non-exclusive licence to view, hear, read, stream, download, link to and otherwise access your User Contributions to our Services through our Services and otherwise to use such User Contributions as permitted through the functionality of our Services and in accordance with these Terms.
You shall be solely responsible for your User Contributions and the consequences of submitting them to our Services. You promise that:
(a) the User Contribution is your own original work and you own the entire right, title and interest in and to the User Contribution and/or you have all necessary licences, rights, consents and permissions to use and to authorise us to use any and all intellectual property rights (including without limitation copyright) in such User Contribution to enable us to use the User Contribution in the manner contemplated by these Terms;
(b) nothing in the User Contribution is defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, sexually explicit, harassing, threatening or offensive, incites racial, cultural or religious hatred, impersonates or appears to impersonate any other person, is in contempt of court, violates any law or regulation or encourages conduct that would amount to a criminal offence (including without limitation any conduct that would be considered an offence under the Terrorism Act 2006 or any superseding legislation) or give rise to a civil liability and/or is otherwise objectionable and/or an infringement of any UK or other applicable law or regulation;
(c) you will not collect, obtain, compile, gather, transmit, reproduce, delete, revise, view or display any material, data or information, whether personally identifiable or not, posted by or concerning any other person, firm or enterprise, in connection with your User Contribution or in connection with your use of our Services, unless you have obtained the express, prior permission of such other person (or their parent or guardian if such other person is under 16), firm or enterprise to do so;
(d) the User Contribution does not contain any virus, corrupt file, cancelbot, worm programme or other malicious code designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of or disrupt any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment, nor any adware, spy ware, Trojan horse or any other material designed to damage, interfere with, wrongly intercept or expropriate any data or personal information;
(e) you shall not forge any TCP/IP packet header or part of the header information in any User Contribution for any reason;
(f) you shall not submit any material or perform any actions that result in the transmission of junk email, chain letters, surveys, contests, pyramid selling schemes, duplicative or unsolicited messages or so-called "spamming" and "phishing"; and
(g) we shall not be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of our use or exploitation of any User Contribution.

You hereby waive all moral rights or similar rights now existing or created in the future in any part of the world in respect of any User Contribution and grant to us the non-exclusive, royalty-free worldwide right to use any name, user name, screen name, likeness, photograph, signature and/or biographical material submitted to us by you.
You shall, and will procure that any necessary third parties shall, do all such further acts and execute and deliver all such other documents as may be reasonably requested by us to confirm the licences and rights granted under these Terms.
All User Contributions will be considered non-confidential and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose relevant information to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, their right to privacy or any UK or other applicable law or regulation.

REMOVAL OF MATERIALS

We are entitled at our option, but are not obliged to (a) actively review User Contributions to our Services; and/or (b) remove any User Contributions submitted to our Services by you or any other user if, in our opinion, such User Contributions do not comply with these Terms.
We reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time without liability and with or without prior notice (a) not to post any User Contribution on our Services; (b) to remove or suspend or disable access to any User Contributions; (c) to revoke your registration (where applicable) and right to access and/or use our Services or submit any User Contributions; and (d) to use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce these Terms, including without limitation blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration and/or user name and password (where applicable).
If you are a rights-owner (or an agent acting for a rights-owner) and believe that any content (including any User Contribution) appearing on our Services infringes your rights and you wish us to remove it or suspend or disable access to it, please send a notice by email with the subject line "Removal request" to the general e-mail address listed on the Contact Us page of the website on which the content appears.
In your e-mail, you need to provide us with the following information:

details of the content that you claim is infringing or which is the subject of infringing activity, together with information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the content (including a URL and/or screen shot);
information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as a postal address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address; and
a statement by you that:

you are the rights-owner or are duly authorised to act on the rights-owner's behalf;
you believe in good faith that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorised by the rights-owner or the rights-owner's agent or by law; and
the information in the notification is true and accurate.

RELIANCE ON INFORMATION ON OUR SERVICES

Information published via our Services is intended solely for the purpose of providing general information and is not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We do not warrant that any Materials are accurate or free from error and we disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on any content on our Services by you or by anyone who may be informed of any of the contents of our Services.
You acknowledge that when using our Services you may be exposed to Materials from a variety of sources and that we are not responsible for the content, truth, accuracy, usefulness or safety of such Materials. We do not endorse any User Contributions or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed in any User Contribution and we disclaim any and all liability in connection with such User Contributions or other material.
We aim to update our Services regularly and may change the content at any time. We may suspend access to our Services, or close them indefinitely at any time at our sole discretion. The Materials may be out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update them.

WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER

Our Services are provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, conditions and other Terms of any kind, express or implied, in connection with our Services and your use of our Services (including, without limitation, as to satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy).
We do not warrant that the functions contained in any Materials on our Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that our Services or the servers that makes them available are free of viruses or bugs.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

We accept no liability in respect of any User Contributions submitted by any of our users. Your use of our Services, the Materials and/or any User Contributions is entirely at your own risk.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we, other members of the BBC group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude any liability for any direct, indirect, consequential, special or exemplary loss or damage (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise) arising from, out of or in connection with the use of our Services, including without limitation: (a) injury and/or damage to persons or property as a result of any statement, including any actual or alleged defamatory statement; (b) losses suffered by any third party, including infringement of any intellectual property or privacy rights; (c) loss of data; (d) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (e) loss of business or contracts; (f) loss of opportunity; (g) loss of anticipated savings; (h) wasted management or office time; or (i) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable laws or regulations.
We shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond our control.

REIMBURSEMENT BY YOU

You agree to reimburse us in full and any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and operational service providers on demand in respect of any and all claims, actions, proceedings, demands, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses suffered or reasonably incurred by us as a result of, or in connection with, your access to and use of our Services other than in accordance with these Terms or any applicable law or regulation.

VIRUSES, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENSES

You must not misuse our Services by introducing, transmitting or arranging the sending of any viruses, corrupt file, cancelbot, Trojan horse, worm, time or logic bomb, keystroke logger, spyware, adware or other material designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or interfere with, wrongly intercept or expropriate any data or personal information. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Services, the servers on which they are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Services. You must not attack our Services via a denial-of-service, distributed denial-of service or other type of attack.
Any breach of this provision constitutes a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Services will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Services, your downloading of any Materials on our Services or on any materials on any other website linked to it.

LINKS TO AND FROM OUR SERVICES

Linking from our Services

We have no control over the content or availability of third party sites that you may access through our Services and such links are provided for your information only. If you visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements.
We do not endorse and are not responsible or liable (directly or indirectly) for any content, advertising, products, services, views expressed or information on or available from third party websites (including without limitation payment for and delivery of any products or services) or for any damage, loss or offence caused by or in connection with your access to and use of such third party sites and any available services. Any Terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with any dealings on any third party sites are solely between you and the relevant provider of that site and/or any relevant service.

Linking to our Services

You may link to the home page of any website within our Services without seeking our further written consent PROVIDED THAT you fully comply with these Terms.
You are not permitted to create a link to any part of our Services other than the home page unless you have our prior written consent (and for the avoidance of doubt, such consent shall be deemed given in respect of RSS feeds, widgets and embeddable media players which we may make available PROVIDED THAT you use them in accordance with these Terms and any further instructions published through our Services). We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in the Code of Conduct. Our Services must not be framed on any other site.
Any links to our Services must be made in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in any way that suggests any form of association, representation, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. Links to our Services do not imply that we endorse, are affiliated with or are associated with any linked site or that any linked site is authorised to use any of our trade marks, trade names, brands, logos or copyright symbols or those of any of our affiliates or licensors.
Links to our Services are not permitted from the following "Excluded Websites":

websites that incite hatred whether based on race, religion, gender, sexuality or otherwise, or promote encourage or facilitate anti-social behaviour;
websites that promote, encourage or facilitate violence;
websites that promote, encourage or facilitate terrorism or other activities that risk UK national security;
websites that discriminate against any specific social group or otherwise exploit vulnerable sections of society;
websites that promote, facilitate or encourage illegal activity;
websites which are misleading, pornographic, defamatory, or that contain illegal, or otherwise actionable content under UK law; or
websites which infringe individual privacy.


ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP

Parts of or all of the Services may from time to time contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that any materials submitted for inclusion on our Services comply with relevant laws, regulations and codes and these Terms. We shall not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in such advertising or sponsorship materials.

SOFTWARE

From time to time certain software which is our protected work or the protected work of our suppliers may be made available to download via our Services. You are licensed to use the software on a non-exclusive basis only for the purposes for which it is indicated. You may not use the software for any other purpose and may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise deal with the software.

PRIVACY

We take your privacy very seriously and are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 or any superseding legislation. Any personal information supplied by you as part of any registration process and/or other interaction with our Services will be collected, stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our Services you consent to such collection and processing and you promise that all data provided by you is accurate.

RSS FEEDS, WIDGETS AND EMBEDDABLE MEDIA PLAYERS

By downloading an RSS feed from our Services or by adding our widgets or embeddable media players to a website you agree to be bound by these Terms, including for the avoidance of doubt the terms set out in this "RSS Feeds, Widgets and Embeddable Media Players" section and the terms set out in the section above headed "Linking to our Services".
Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-transferable, non-sub-licensable, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to display on your website (Your Website) the active links or other source identifiers and other information or materials that you specifically select to receive either from us via an RSS feed or via our widgets or embeddable media players ().
Our Content

YOU MAY NOT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY CHARGE USERS SPECIFICALLY FOR ACCESSING OUR CONTENT OR OTHERWISE COMMERCIALISE SUCH CONTENT, NOR ATTEMPT TO RE-SELL OUR CONTENT IN ANY WAY. RSS FEEDS AND/OR WIDGETS AND/OR EMBEDDABLE MEDIA PLAYERS MAY NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH COMMERCIAL ACTIVITIES.
You may not directly or indirectly change, edit, add to or produce summaries of Our Content or any content on our Services nor place any of Our Content in an HTML frame-set.
We may restrict, suspend or terminate our RSS feeds, the content fed to our widgets or embeddable media players, the licence granted herein or your use or access to the RSS feeds, widgets or embeddable media players or Our Content at any time without liability. You agree to destroy all copies of the RSS feeds, widgets or embeddable media players and all Our Content upon receiving notice of termination from us.
You promise that:
(a) Your Website is not an Excluded Site and does not contain material which is libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or which may bring us or the BBC into disrepute, or which is in breach of any third party intellectual property rights; and
(b) users of Your Website are required to comply with terms that are equivalent to these Terms in relation to their use of Our Content.

ORDER OF PRECEDENCE

If there is any conflict between these Terms and any specific terms appearing elsewhere on our Services relating to specific material (including the Code of Conduct), then the latter shall prevail.

SEVERABILITY

If any of these Terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these Terms and the remaining Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.

JURISDICTION

The Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

DISPUTES

Any disputes arising from or related to our Services shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

Last updated: 03 December 2018










Terms and Conditions

Privacy

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Disclaimer

Anti-Fraud and Corruption Statement

Code of Conduct

Modern Slavery Statement

Sustainability Statement

About Us


© BBC Global News Ltd 2018


