







Talking Media Business













Toggle navigation





SPECS





SPECS


CONTACT

















SPECS


CONTACT











Home


Platforms




BBC.com


BBC News


BBC World News


BBC Sport


BBC Reel


BBC Worklife


BBC Future


BBC Travel


BBC Culture


BBC World Service


TopGear.com


BBC Earth TV Asia

Advertising




Insights


Brand Strategy


Campaign Precision


BBC StoryWorks

Distribution




Opportunities


THE TIPPING POINT

Events




The New Ways of Marketing to Recharge Tourism


The Insider Series – Africa


Reset - CEO Edit


How News Impacts Businesses


India Upfront 2021


The Sustainability Edit


Reset - Upfront 2020


Talking Media Business


Take the Sustainability Leap


Taking the Sustainability Leap – India Edition


Restart & Reset 2.0 for Travel


CLIMATE CHANGE: THE TIPPING POINT


















DISCOVER HOW SIX BRANDS ARE NAVIGATING THE PANDEMIC.

In this exclusive online interview series for marketing and communication professionals, BBC World News Presenter, Aaron Heslehurst, explores how six leading brands responded to new business challenges in 2020 with smart insights and innovation.














Meet the host


Aaron Heslehurst

Aaron has been a BBC business news presenter since February 2002. As a main face of BBC World News, he has delivered many of the big stories on BBC World News’ flagship programmes and interviewed some of the world's biggest corporate leaders.









CISCO

Mark Phibbs
Vice President Global Marketing Insights and Analytics & APJC Marketing

With millions of people working from home due to the coronavirus pandemic, how does CISCO help to keep the world connected and what is the future of commuting and business interactions? Discover how CISCO adapted its marketing strategy to a very different corporate world.

















JAPAN AIRLINES

Akira Mitsumasu
Vice President, Global Marketing

The airline industry has been devastated by the pandemic. How are national carriers, such as JAL, responding to these unprecedented times? Can airlines still engage with passengers who are unable to fly – and how will they reassure travellers when they can finally return to the skies?









GRAB

Cheryl Goh
Global Vice President of Marketing

Ride hailing apps have seen a dramatic drop in passengers during the pandemic. Find out how Grab - one of South East Asia’s most popular services – adapted to this challenge through digitization, diversification, deliveries, and communications that focused on acts, not ads.

















ANZ

Kjetil Undhjem
Head of Marketing & Brand Strategy

With millions unemployed and many more struggling with finances, how is ANZ - one of Australasia’s best-known banks – reassuring customers and adapting its communications to the economic situation? Why are banks busier than ever – and how can the finance industry emerge stronger from the challenges it faces today?









SPOTIFY

Jan-Paul Jeffrey
Head of Marketing for South East Asia

As people spend less time at the office, demand for streaming services has surged. Discover a surprising reason why Gen Z and millennials are flocking to Spotify, as well as key trends emerging from the platform’s four billion playlists - and the reason why so many listen late at night.

















KIA MOTORS

Artur Martins
Senior Vice President, Global Brand & Customer Experience

With the automotive industry under immense pandemic pressure, KIA evolved swiftly to support their customers in new ways and transform its traditional motor show presence into a social and digital experience. Discover how messaging changed, where advertising spend is today,- and why hitting the brakes simply wasn’t an option.











Terms and Conditions

Privacy

Cookies

Copyright

Manage Cookies

Disclaimer

Anti-Fraud and Corruption Statement

Code of Conduct

Modern Slavery Statement

Sustainability Statement

About Us


© BBC Global News Ltd 2018


